{
    "First Party Collection/Use": {
        "advertisements. is used for a variety of purposes including to verify other information about you. respond to inquiries or requests that you direct to us; fulfill your requests for products or services;. administer your account. send communications and administrative emails about the Sites or Services;. on behalf of a sponsor in association with a promotion. to make the Sites and Services more useful to you. when you register for a Site,. to send you requested products or services. to verify other information about you. advertisements.. collect. deliver more helpful information, programs, tools. personalize. ontests or sweepstakes,. personalize and better tailor the features, performance and support of the Sites and Services for your use. We, or our service providers, may use your IP Address when you access the Sites or Services or use other means to assist with delivering geographically targeted advertisements.. purposes including understanding Web usage patterns of users who see advertisements on the Sites. information. some promotions. to engage a Site's social networking functio. This type of information is collected to make the Sites and Services more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.. dvertisement. f you purchase a product or service,. advertising we provide to you. when you register for a Site. customize the advertisements. we may collect information about how you use the Site and the Services. send you promotional/marketing information, newsletters, offers or other information regarding opportunities and functionality that we think would be of particular interest to you;. promotions based on those interests.. advertisement. o enhance the conten. ailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.. ncluding to verify other information about you. e will use your Personal Information in the ways described below or described at the time that the information is collected.. can't vote more than once on a particular question or issue. controlling the sequence of advertisements you see. analyze, benchmark and conduct research on user data and user interactions with the Site and Services.. ollected during a promotions, contest, polls, or sweepstakes (\"Promotions\". enhance the content. administer your account; register you and provide you access to the Site or Services; respond to inquiries or requests that you direct to us; fulfill your requests for products or services; send communications and administrative emails about the Sites or Services;. to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience with the Sites and Services. ersonal and interactive experience. his type of information is collected to make the Sites and Services more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.. determining your interests. advertisements you see, the sequence of advertisements and to make sure you don't see the same advertisement too many times.. collected during a promotions, contest, polls, or sweepstakes (\"Promotions\"). This information allows us to deliver more helpful information, programs, tools. promotional/marketing. do not. For contests or sweepstakes": "1",
        "We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.. advertisements. such as. Recommended for You , personalized advertisements on other Web sites (e.g., Amazon Associates with content served by Amazon.com and Web sites using Checkout by Amazon payment service. help us identify your device for fraud prevention. responding to your requests. search for a product;. diagnostic purposes. Recommended for You. which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily. describes. and other purposes. enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements. location services. Most likely, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. For information about specific devices, click here . If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer. provide you with location-based services. in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. transferred assets.. continually improve. other purposes. credit card information. Social Security and driver's license numbers. certain types of information. add it to our account information. personalize. such purposes. such as advertising. offer certain credit or financial services to some customers. to create features. advertising. customizing future shopping for you,. We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.. business. customizing future shopping for you. help us. one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice. to provide features such as. e release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law. resolve all complaints. our account informatio. search results. e most such information. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits. personalize and continually improve your Amazon experience.. for commercial purposes. name, address, and phone numbers. create features like Top Sellers. As a result of those actions,. 1-Click purchasing. to enable our systems to recognize your device. make e-mails more useful and interesting. to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.. and to provide features such as 1-Click purchasing. personalized advertisements on other Web sites. personalized content. storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits. \"cookies,\". The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Amazon experience.. o measure and collect session information. communicating with you. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.. for fraud prevention. location-based services,. send offers. Gather. use": "1",
        "other information that is necessary to make the service work. purpose of creating this session. d prevent abuse. By knowing how people use the site, we can make it better.. Our Apps collect the same user information as described in the What Information We Collect section of this privacy policy.. When you create an account,. allow you to customize your experience. necessary to provide our services. they may be accessed internally as needed for community support. user account. logged-in or not). keep our site running. collect. (whether you are logged-in or not). for tracking user preferences, authentication,. create an account. understand how users interact with our website. to allow you to customize your experience:. reddit stores the IP addresses associated with specific posts, comments, and private messages for 90 days after they are made or sent.. reddit only uses and discloses. improve the reddit service. reddit only uses and discloses your information for the same limited set of purposes and circumstances that we describe in the How We Use or Disclose Collected Information section of this privacy policy.. account you can use to participate on the site. advertising. We also log, and retain indefinitely, the IP address from which the account is initially created.. It takes a lot of work to keep our site running and prevent abuse, and we sometimes use your data in order to facilitate this. Your information is used internally only where necessary to provide our services. For instance, we keep IP addresses for 90 days in order to investigate issues with our site, track and block suspected spammers, and otherwise maintain the integrity of the community.. view over 18 content, or if you set a language preference.. tracking user preferences. an account,. Most browsers include an option to clear existing cookies or reject new ones.. This information is used for analytics. accoun. to help understand how people use the service so we can make it better.. even if you are signed. Our Apps collect. stored on your profile. view over 18 content, or if you set a language preference. improve the reddit service;. uses. to make reddit better. analytics data.. customize your experience:. user preferences, authentication. his information is used for analytics and to improve the reddit service;. web pixels to collect activity information. have an account you can use to participate on the site, and other information that is necessary to make the service work.. and collecting anonymous analytics data.. make reddit better.. for community support. This means that, by default, they are not deleted from our servers ever. community support. remember your channel choices. OS information to track and fix bugs. collecting anonymous analytics data. creating this session. avoid showing you the same ad over and over again. to remember if you indicate you would like to view over 18 content, or if you set a language preference.. Your messages are generally only viewable by the parties involved, but they may be accessed internally as needed for community support. Moreover, we keep a complete log of all messages sent on our service, even when both parties later delete their accounts.. your profile. collected. authentication. when both parties later delete their accounts. understand how people use the service so we can make it better.. emember your channel choices,. keep our site running and prevent abuse. reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or valid legal process. Log data is certain information that is automatically collected by our systems when you visit reddit, including the type of software used to access the site (browser, operating system), the type of device you are using, the address of the external or internal page that referred you, and your IP address.. for the sole purpose of creating this session.. to remember your channel choices, which includes the subreddits you choose as channels and how they are arranged, and your playback preferences including vote sort, autoplay, shuffle, NSFW/SFW, and whether annotations will be visible.. all visitors. specific. on your profile. When you are logged into your reddit account. certain emergency circumstances. stop spam and gaming and other activities that violate the user agreement.. to stop spam and gaming and other activities that violate the user agreement.": "0",
        "billing information,. administer our Covered Sites. when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, complete a survey, participate in a reader panel. , we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions (e.g.,terms of use and privacy policy) of the SNS (\"SNS Terms\"). If you elect to share your information with these SNS,we will share information with them in accordance with your election. The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them. Information such as your age, gender, hobbies or interests may also be requested.. necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites, customers or others.. If you use your login credentials from a social networking site (e.g., Facebook or Twitter) (\"SNS\") on a Covered Site,. to deliver editorial content, to record requests for subscriptions. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us(e.g., another Web site or a search engine); the pages you visit on our Covered Sites, the web sites you visit after this web site; the ads you see; the ads you click on;. We may use cookies to control the display of ads,. we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you your Magazine.. We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information, and administer our Covered Sites. We may also link this information with yourPersonally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites, customers or others.. online shopping opportunities, games, services, subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis. gather broad demographic information,. \"PersonallyIdentifiable Information\" is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual,. track usage patterns on the sites. to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message.. to announce special offers,services and announcements from our Covered Sites, our partners and/or our advertisers.. serve ads. such materials will be collected. make a purchase,. By submitting PersonallyIdentifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use. Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration,. for any purpose. administer our Covered Sites.. e-mail address, name, phone number, shipping address,. the date, time and content of your messages.. relate your viewing or receipt of a webpage or message to other information about you. register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration,. advertising. so that we can enhance your user experience by facilitating easy entry into other features and offers on the Covered Sites and saving your preferences.. We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content, as described in section 4(d) below.. register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration, make a purchase,. We may receive information. deliver editorial content, to record requests for subscriptions. Hearst uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media. We may use cookies to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns on the sites, to deliver editorial content, to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information.. Hearst uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media.. you agree to receive messages at such address from Hearst or from third parties. Similarly,we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services. We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services. If you subscribe to one of our SMS, WAP or Mobile Services, you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes. Such messages may come from Hearst, or from third parties. To use the wireless email address, SMS, WAP, or Mobile Service, you must reside in theUnited States. We may also obtain the date, time and content of your messages. We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies. By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS, WAP, or Mobile Service, you consent to receiving messages as described above. You understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages. You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.. special offers,services and announcements from our Covered Sites, our partners and/or our advertisers. If you elect to post material to any blogs, forums, participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites, then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view.. in part to provide you with the service you have requested.. we may receive information. serve other content, as described in section 4(d) below.. Hearst uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested.. ,including demographic. does not. personalize information. diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic information. post material to any blogs, forums, participate in our social networking features or other community boards. some of our Covered Sites may assign you a user name and password so that we can enhance your user experience by facilitating easy entry into other features and offers on the Covered Sites and saving your preferences.. We may also link this information with yourPersonally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites, customers or others.. and elsewhere on the internet. send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you your Magazine.. to personalize information.. when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, complete a survey, participate in a reader panel,. We, or the service provider, will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service. By using such service, you hereby consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your location information as described.. enter online sweepstakes. in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message.. improve our Covered Sites and services,. collect your location. online sweepstakes, we will also use this information to notify you if you area winner.. articles published online and in our Magazines.. Hearst can edit, rewrite, use, and reuse the content, including your name, likeness,photograph, and biographical information you provide, with or without attribution, including publication in the Magazines, and in trade media, and advertising.. in articles published online and in our Magazines.. for editorial purposes,. for marketing purposes.. to register you, identify you as a user, improve our Covered Sites and services, send you administrative notifications, and respond to your inquiries.. subscribe to receive newsletters,promotional correspondence, or other electronic services,. control the display of ads,. Hearst (or third party service providers on our behalf) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis(\"Anonymous Information\").. provide you with the service you have requested": "1",
        "When used in conjunction with our advertising services. to show you more relevant search results. such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites. to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising. ike giving you more relevant search results. to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results,. visit a website that uses our advertising services, or view and interact with our ads and content. spam and malware detection. offer you tailored content - like giving you more relevant search results and ads.. across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account.. so that you are represented consistently across all our services.. to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.. When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs.. inform you about our services,. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer. When you use Google services,. Google features that may appear on other sites. to make it easier to share things with people you know. Certain services. provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and our users. many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account.. Information you give us.. For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account.. to help you connect with people. advertising services. When showing you tailored ads,. we'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer.. Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you watch a video on YouTube, visit a website that uses our advertising services, or view and interact with our ads and content.. to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection.. to offer you tailored content. provide better services to all of our users. locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.. to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and our users. when you interact with services we offer to our partners. to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services.. issues you might be facing.. and spam and malware detection. from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you'll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like.. when you visit a Google service. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer,. ads. We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number).. or example by creating a Google Account. and ads. to provide better services to all of our users. many of our services. to help solve any issues you might be facing.. to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. displaying in ads. to protect Google and our users.. which ads you'll find most useful,. improve them, to develop new ones,. tailored advertising. analyze the traffic to their websites and apps": "1"
    },
    "Third Party Sharing/Collection": {
        "who have been provided information as permitted by this Policy.. obtained from users. publicly available. We may disclose and release. Many third party vendors that engage in Behavioral Advertising participate in the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and abide by NAI and/or DAA principles. If you wish to opt out of participating in advertising programs conducted by NAI and DAA members or learn more about the NAI and DAA, please go to the NAI Opt-Out website and DAA Choice Page and follow the instructions. After you opt-out, you will still see advertisements, but the advertising may not be as relevant to your interests. If you change your computer, change your browser or delete your cookies, you will need to renew your opt-out.. It may also be shared. share it with third parties. We may share aggregated Anonymous Information about you with third parties.. or our service providers. may provide your Personal Information to service providers. disclosed. Advertisers or other third parties on the Sites may also engage in Behavioral Advertising and use cookies and web beacons in the manner described above.. may disclose. These third-party vendors may connect information about pages you visit on our Sites with information about pages you visit on other websites and media channels and show you advertising based on this combined information. The advertisement may appear when you are visiting a different section of this Site or another website or media channel if the website or media channel also has a relationship with us or our vendor.. We may provide. may be disclosed publicly.. shared. share. provide. may share. disclosed publicly.. We may share your Personal Information with any of our subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control. Additionally, in the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Policy.. ollection, use and dissemination. may be disclosed and available to all users who have access to that portion of the Site or Services.. collection, use and dissemination. disclose. cookies": "1",
        "business your name and address. Share. access to. We release. selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing. We share customer information only as described below. we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party. exchanging information. we transmit. we may receive information. give that business your name and address. information we receiv. Collected. What. and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third part. we share. Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer. share. might receive information. with subsidiaries Amazon.com, Inc. controls. we receive. They have access t. Starbucks, OfficeMax, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, AT&T, J&R Electronics, Eddie Bauer and Northern Tool + Equipment. we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.com. you might go. involved in your transactions. transferred business assets. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service": "0",
        "a. viewable by the parties involved. We use a tool called Google Analytics to help us understand how users interact with our website. It tells us aggregate usage and traffic information, such as how the site was accessed, how long visitors stayed, and the number of first-time visitors to the site.. allow other parties to collect personally identifiable information from users on reddit.. We also share. we do not sell or otherwise give access. set. dont sell or profit from the information you share with us. we share your device's unique advertising identifier, its IP address, and a list of subreddits used to generate a particular page for you (which may include your subscriptions) with our ad partners, who decide which ads to display for you.. will not connect to the servers of those services, share information with those services, or post on your behalf.. only your email address will be stored with the third party service. Adzerk receives information about the page the ad will appear on.. does not transmit any new personal information to or from reddi. will set a cookie to. track. receives information about the page the ad will appear on. made available to third parties. dditionally, if you vote an advertisement up or down, our third-party advertising partner, Adzerk, will set a cookie to remember your ad preferences.. We may disclose or preserve for future disclosure your information if we believe, after due consideration, that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or valid legal process.. Anonymous, aggregated information that cannot be linked back to an individual user may be made available to third parties.. The company that delivers the reddit website to your computer, CloudFlare, may place a cookie on your computer as part of the service it provides, which includes monitoring visitors IP addresses to track malicious actors.. We may disclose your information in certain emergency circumstances: we may also disclose your information when we believe it's necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person; to address fraud, security, or spam; or to protect our rights or property.. transmit. Some cookies may be placed during the provision of this service pursuant to Adzerk's privacy policy.. share your personal data. may be made. will be. A reddit app may also allow you to post to social media, including Facebook or Twitter, but reddit will not connect to the servers of those services, share information with those services, or post on your behalf.. We also share your information when we are legally required to do so.. discloses your information. When you contact reddit support or subscribe to one of our email newsletters, reddit may use a third party service to send you email messages. All of our email communications are opt-in only. If you do opt into one of our subscription emails, only your email address will be stored with the third party service. We will always make it easy to opt out of our subscription emails, for example, by including a 1-click unsubscribe link.. advertising partners set cookies. The posts and comments you make on reddit are not private. share. Although Stripe and PayPal send us a receipt with your name and email address if you provide it, we don't add that information to your account.. ponsored headline. we share your. are. sell or otherwise give access. Some. disclose. This option is only an authentication tool and does not transmit any new personal information to or from reddit, or give reddit access to details of subsequent actions taken on these sites.. may collect and store data. Some cookies may be placed during the provision of this service. eceives": "1",
        "The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you.. we may provide. possess. shared by Hearst with,. You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a. set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer.. will possess. share or disclose. These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site. collect. may be collected directly by,. we must comply with. publicly available for others to view.. may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer. We need to protect our legal rights (for example, if we are trying to collect money you owe us); we must comply with applicable laws,regulations, or legal or regulatory process, or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us, or in connection with a legal investigation; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users, or general public, or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right, including our Terms of Use(collectively, the \"Legal Exceptions\").. we may do so on their behalf.. disclose Anonymous Information to. and disclose. obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites (including your status as a customer of Hearst), other websites, and information received from you offline. we make your postal addresses available to companies. disclosed. forwarded to. e we make your postal addresses available. to share information. From time to time we may disclose your contact information. may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well, or we may do so on their behalf.. to serve ads and other content to you. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage,. will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy (\"Acquisition Exception\").. may be publicly available for others to view. may be shared by us with that third party. collect data. forwarded to a third party. collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications, wireless access protocol services (\"WAP Services\")or mobile phone service (\"Mobile Services\").. shared. your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose(s) for which we hired them.. share. We may share. shared with. disclosure. provide. the site of the third party.. In accordance with your indicated preferences (e.g., you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner).. may be shared by us with. share information with them in accordance with your election.. Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site,. We utilize. we may disclose. disclose. Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site, or the site of the third party. In either case, Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by, or shared by Hearst with, the third party, as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features.. shared with others": "1",
        "share. We may share. will have access. We provide. collect and store information when you visit a Google service. provide. may be able to:. We will share. let you share information. is transferred. we may display. or the sharing. we may show them. have access to. For example, we may share. our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service": "1"
    },
    "User Choice/Control": {
        "tailor advertising. promotional. promotional communications from us you. advertising. Cookies. may stop you from gaining access to a Service or limit the features that you can use.. Advertising. Manage My Email\" or similar feature on the individual Sites when you are logged in as a registered user.. cookies and web beacons. We do adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance (for more information click here).. but this may stop you from gaining access to a Service or limit the features that you can use.. communications": "1",
        "I. turn off location services. prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer.. e-mail or other mail. want to receive e-mail or other mail. compare our customer list to lists received from other companies. information. location services. M. receive such offers. data. privacy. not to share the information. add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout. location. provide information. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences.. personal information. customer information. cookies,. you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in. By visiting Amazon.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.. information about you. cookies. do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us": "0",
        "If you cannot agree to the terms and conditions set forth below, please do not use our services.. advertising identifier t. cookies or reject new ones. high standards for the types of ads we show,. cookies": "1",
        "email preferences. If you don't want cookies. information about the content you have viewed. postal mailing contact information. email. information about what you have watched on our service,. storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains, unrelated to the delivery of content through the FlashPlayer or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content. Flash cookies. information. use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. date, time and content of your messages. postal mailing address. wireless email address orby short message service. email address. and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts. Marketing. promotional materials on behalf of Hearst and/or third parties.. email contact information. personal information. via your wireless email address orby short message service (\"SMS Service\"),WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6.. you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings.. messages, including marketing,. cookies,. you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner": "0",
        "Location. Search, YouTube and Location History.. You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here.. to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us.. DoubleClick cookie information. Profile name and Profile photo. your preferences about the Google ads shown to you on Google and across the web, such as which categories might interest you. of personal information. cookies, including cookies associated with our services,. your information. of any sensitive personal information.. cookies": "0"
    },
    "Data Security": {
        "However, no security system is impenetrable. We do not warrant the security of our servers, nor do we warrant that your information, including Personal Information, will be completely secure or not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet.. We place a priority on the security of Personal Information, and we undertake reasonable security measures to help protect the data that resides on our servers. We also use secure server software (SSL) to process all financial transactions that occur on the Site. SSL technology can encrypt Personal Information transmitted over the Internet. However, no security system is impenetrable. We do not warrant the security of our servers, nor do we warrant that your information, including Personal Information, will be completely secure or not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet.. Access to your Personal Information by these service providers is limited to the information reasonably necessary to perform its limited function.. e place a priority on the security of Personal Information, and we undertake reasonable security measures to help protect the data that resides on our servers. We also use secure server software (SSL) to process all financial transactions that occur on the Site. SSL technology can encrypt Personal Information transmitted over the Internet.. SSL. We also use secure server software (SSL) to process all financial transactions that occur on the Site.": "0",
        "Safe Harbor program. How Secure Is Information About Me?. Click here for more information on how to sign off.. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.. protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order.. which encrypts information you inp. compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles. any unresolved privacy complaints can be referred to an independent dispute resolution mechanism. We use the BBB EU Safe Harbor Program, which is operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you feel that we have not satisfactorily addressed your complaint, you can visit the BBB EU Safe Harbor Program. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software": "0",
        "we limit employee access to user data. We also maintain internal security practices designed to keep your data secure and private. As part of this, we limit employee access to user data.. reddit will make every effort to secure any private information submitted to us by our users": "0",
        "require you to enter a password to access your registration information. 7. Security of Your Personally Identifiable Information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your PersonallyIdentifiable Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.. ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose(s) for which we hired them. (\"Service ProviderException\").. Security of Your Personally Identifiable Information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your PersonallyIdentifiable Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information. Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while Hearst uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, Hearst cannot guarantee its absolute security.": "0",
        "based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks.. We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy.. We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.. We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold.. We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.. We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account, and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome.. We encrypt many of our services using SSL": "0"
    },
    "User Access, Edit and Deletion": {
        "Personal Information. Profile. My Accoun. you can also remove your Personal Information from the \"Profile\" section of the Site. Account": "0",
        "include up-to-date information regarding recent orders; personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications and personalized advertising preferences, address book, and 1-Click settings); payment settings (including credit card information and promotional certificate and gift card balances); e-mail notification settings. similar data. d your interactions with Amazon.com. he list of which will change as our Web site evolves.. certain informatio. Recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);. include up-to-date information regarding recent orders. certain information. Which. personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications and personalized advertising preferences, address book, and 1-Click settings). e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, and newsletters);. Recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations); shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries); Seller accounts; and Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Listmania lists, Reminders, personal profile, and Wish List). personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications and personalized advertising preferences, address book, and 1-Click settings); payment settings (including credit card information and promotional certificate and gift card balances); e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, and newsletters); Recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations); shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries); Seller accounts; and Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Listmania lists, Reminders, personal profile, and Wish List).. Recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations). access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.com. about your account. and your interactions. recent orders. your account": "1",
        "If you delete a reddit app from your mobile device, any app-specific information stored on your device will be deleted from your device.. pp-specific information stored on your device will be deleted from your device. submitted, without your permission, to reddit a link to a photograph, video, or digital image of you in a state of nudity or engaged in any act of sexual conduct,. You may choose to delete your reddit account at any time. The usernames associated with deleted accounts remain unavailable for others to use, and your public profile is no longer visible to reddit users. However, the posts and content you made during your tenure as a reddit user will not be automatically deleted as part of the account removal process, though your username will be publicly disassociated with all posts.. comments and posts. the posts and content you made during your tenure as a reddit user will not be automatically deleted. If you delete a reddit app from your mobile device, any app-specific information stored on your device will be deleted from your device. If you have backed up your devices apps, reddit app information may continue to exist where you have backed it up.. your username will be publicly disassociated with all posts": "0",
        "you may request deletion of those comments. your UserRegistration. User Registration. we will retain your email address, user name and assigned user ID on file and use. You may also log-in to cancel any User Registration that you may have selected or that we may have assigned.. Personally Identifiable Information. your UserRegistration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration (each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information).. flash cookies": "1",
        "to your personal information.. how the Profile associated with your Google Account appears to others.. information. your preferences. certain types of information tied to your Google Account. If that information. personal information. information associated with your Google Account. information that is associated with your Google Account": "0"
    },
    "International and Specific Audiences": {
        "The Site and Services are not directed or intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, you should not register or provide Personal Information on the Site or through the Services. If you are the parent or guardian of a child whom you believe has disclosed Personal Information to us, please contact us at privacy@everydayhealth.com so that we may delete and remove such child's information from our systems.": "1",
        "Under the Safe Harbor program,. Safe Harbor Program. n compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles. Amazon.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and (1) the European Union and (2) Switzerland, respectively.": "0",
        "international users. All personal information we collect from our international users is transferred to the United States and processed according to US law.. california's 'do not track' law. In compliance with the Safe Harbor Principles, reddit commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union and Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact us.. under the age of 13 may. European Union. eddit's website does not currently respond to a Do Not Track (\"DNT\") or similar signal as it awaits the results of efforts by the policy and legal community to determine the meaning of DNT and the proper way to respond.. Swiss citizens. Although we welcome users from all walks of life, reddit is not aimed at children, and the United States government has put limits on our ability to accept users under a certain age through the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. Individuals under the age of 13 may not create an account with us. If you believe someone 12 or younger is using our site without parental consent, please contact us.. reddit complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. reddit has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.. U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework. reddit has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus.. children under 13. U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework a. European Union and Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact us.. BBB EU SAFE HARBOR": "0",
        "5. Right to Opt-out a. California Canadian Users: Your California Privacy Rights. California's \"Shine the Light\" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing. We have such a policy in place. Sections 4(d)and 5(d) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties' direct or indirect marketing purposes, in accordance with such laws. In addition to reviewing Sections 4(d) and5(d), if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83, you may notify us in writing at Mail Preference Service,P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com. In the case of marketing via Paid Video SubscriptionServices, please refer to the customer service contact set forth at section4(e) above. Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities. Again, Sections 4(d)and 5(d) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes, in accordance with such laws. For the avoidance of doubt, these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users.. If you are a California resident. Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities. Again, Sections 4(d)and 5(d) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes, in accordance with such laws. For the avoidance of doubt, these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users.. 9. Non-U.S. Users. If you are located outside of the United States, please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By using this Covered Site, you consent to this transfer and processing. You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of, and in accordance with the laws of, the state of New York.. Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities. Again, Sections 4(d)and 5(d) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes, in accordance with such laws.. The CoveredSites are not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas, they may get unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so. There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children's exposure to material online. Minors' Right to Request Deletion of User-Posted Comments: If you are a California resident and registered user on Seventeen.com and posted comments on that site when you were under 18 years old,. 8. Kids And Parents. The CoveredSites are not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas, they may get unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so. There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children's exposure to material online. Minors' Right to Request Deletion of User-Posted Comments: If you are a California resident and registered user on Seventeen.com and posted comments on that site when you were under 18 years old, you may request deletion of those comments by contacting us at webfeedback@seventeen.com. and indicate in the subject line \"California take-down request\". You must provide us with the live url where the content resides, a copy of the content (cut and pasted into your email), the date of publication and, if applicable, the user name associated with it. We will act as promptly as possible to remove the posting(except in certain circumstances mandated by law). Note that our deletion does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of your content from the internet and comments that may have been posted by others about you or your posting will remain accessible online.": "0",
        "We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.": "1"
    },
    "Data Retention": {
        "Keep in mind, however, that even if you delete information from your profile, we may retain your Personal Information in conformance with our data retention policy and Personal Information may remain within our databases, access logs, and other records. In addition, we are not responsible for updating or removing your Personal Information contained in the lists or databases of third parties who have been provided information as permitted by this Policy.. Keep in mind, however, that even if you delete information from your profile, we may retain your Personal Information in conformance with our data retention policy and Personal Information may remain within our databases, access logs, and other records.": "1",
        "we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.. store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way.. keep a copy of the prior version for our records. whenever. for such purposes as. improving our stores. store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.": "1",
        "90 days. Except for the IP address you use to create the account, all IP addresses will be deleted from our servers after 90 days.. we keep a complete log of all messages sent on our service, even when both parties later delete their accounts.. We use this information internally only,. collect activity information to help understand how people use the service so we can make it better.. 90 days after they are made or sent. analytics. It is also used to provide advertising as described below.. etain indefinitely,. reasonably necessary to comply with a law,. We also log, and retain indefinitely, the IP address from which the account is initially created. deleted after 90 days. We remove personally identifiable data from this information after 90 days.. even when both parties later delete their accounts.. to improve the reddit service; for example, we use device and OS information to track and fix bugs.. Moreover, we keep a complete log of all messages sent on our service, even when both parties later delete their accounts.. in order to investigate issues with our site, track and block suspected spammers, and otherwise maintain the integrity of the community.. eddit stores the IP addresses associated with specific posts, comments, and private messages for 90 days after they are made or sent.. However, the posts and content you made during your tenure as a reddit user will not be automatically deleted as part of the account removal process, though your username will be publicly disassociated with all posts.. ever. retained. Except. Any information collected by a reddit app while you are signed in to your reddit account is retained as described in the What Information We Collect section of this policy.. This means that, by default, they are not deleted from our servers ever and will still be accessible after your account is deleted.. will not be automatically deleted as part of the account removal process": "0",
        "We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.. fraud or similar purposes.": "1",
        "manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes.": "0"
    },
    "Policy Change": {
        "We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time and without prior notice, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless we advise you otherwise. Your continued use of the Site or Services after this Policy has been amended shall be deemed to be your continued acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Policy, as amended. We encourage you to bookmark this Web page and review this Policy regularly.. without prior notice, an. By visiting this Site or using the Services, you are accepting the policies and practices described in this Policy. Each time you visit the Site or use the Services, you agree and expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of the information that you provide as described in this Policy.": "1",
        "Notices. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions,. is your responsibility to review them for changes.. without the consent of affected customers.. Last updated. substantially all of its assets are acquired. may e-mail periodic reminders. click here.. Web site": "0",
        "notice. may only be highlighted by the privacy policy link in the footer of our website.. notice will appear prominently on your front page. Where the changes substantially alter your rights, notice will appear prominently on your front page.. More minor changes may only be highlighted by the privacy policy link in the footer of our website.. privacy policy link": "0",
        "Last revised on December 31, 2014. we will prominently post notice of the changes on ourCovered Sites.": "0",
        "Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. post any privacy policy changes on this page. email notification of privacy policy changes. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. we will provide a more prominent notice. including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page. give affected users notice. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes).": "0"
    },
    "Do Not Track": {
        "Our Sites currently are not setup to process or respond to \"Do Not Track\" settings or signals from web browsers.. Our Sites currently are not setup to process or respond to \"Do Not Track\" settings or signals from web browsers. We do adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance (for more information click here).. not setup to process or respond to \"Do Not": "1",
        "": "-1",
        "reddit's website does not currently respond to a Do Not Track (\"DNT\") or similar signal": "1",
        "Effect of Tracking Requests. Hearst does not act on Do Not Track requests from your browser because, this way, we are able to personalize your experience on our sites and tailor content to your interests.. Hearst does not act on Do Not Track requests from your browser.. Tracking Requests. Hearst does not act on Do Not Track requests from your browser. For more information click here": "1"
    },
    "Other": {
        "If you would like assistance disabling your account, please contact customer service at support@everydayhealth.com or call 1-888-795-4719.. 1. The Information We Gather. We provide you this privacy policy (the \"Policy\") to help you understand the kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit the Site or use any of our Services, how we may use and disclose the information, and how you can control, correct and/or update the information.. Some of the Sites are websites that Everyday Health operates on behalf of Licensors, for example PDRHealth.com, JillianMichaels.com and SouthBeachDiet.com. Everyday Health may share some or all of your Personal Information with its Licensors. This Policy does not cover the use of your Personal Information by Licensors. The privacy practices of Everyday Health's Licensors may differ from this policy and we encourage you to contact those third parties directly if you have questions regarding their use of your Personal Information.. If you have any questions regarding privacy or this Policy, you may contact us as follows: Telephone: 888-795-4719 Email: privacy@everydayhealth.com Address: Everyday Health, LLC 345 Hudson Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10014. This Policy was last changed on October 24, 2014. We do not control and are not responsible for how these third parties use your information.. If you are the parent or guardian of a child whom you believe has disclosed Personal Information to us, please contact us at privacy@everydayhealth.com so that we may delete and remove such child's information from our systems.. Everyday Health is not responsible for their privacy policy or practices.. We do not control these advertisers or other parties' use of cookies or web beacons or what they do with the information they collect.. To be clear about the terminology we are using, when we use the phrase \"Personal Information\" in this Policy, we mean information that can be used to identify or contact a person, like a person's full name, address, e-mail address, or phone number. When we use the phrase \"Anonymous Information\" in this Policy, we mean information that cannot reasonably be used to identify individual persons.. We collect information about you in the following ways:. The Sites may link to websites operated by third parties that we do not control. We do not monitor, control, or endorse the information collection or privacy practices of any third parties. We encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of every website you visit and to contact them if you have any questions about their respective privacy policies and practices. This Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Sites or Services and does not apply to these third party websites. The ability to access information of third parties from the Sites or Services, or links to other websites or locations, is for your convenience only and does not signify our endorsement of such third parties, their products, services, websites, locations or their content.. 2. How We Use Your Information. Certain portions of the Sites may be co-branded with a business partner and subject to a different privacy policy that is either the partner's privacy policy or a privacy policy developed jointly by Everyday Health and our partner (collectively the \"Co-branded Policy\"). The partner's collection, use and dissemination practices regarding any data or Personal Information provided by, or obtained from users of these Co-branded portions of the Sites will be governed by the Co-branded Policy. Please read the Co-branded Policy for each Co-branded Site before providing any Personal Information.. When you participate in a Promotion, you are subject to any official rules for that Promotion, which may contain additional information about the specific privacy practices associated with the Promotion.. Everyday Health Media, LLC and its subsidiaries (\"Everyday Health,\" \"us\" or \"we\") operate this website (the \"Site\"), and other health, wellness, diet and fitness websites that are part of the Everyday Health portfolio of websites (collectively, the \"Sites\") and the services related to or offered on the Sites (hereinafter, the \"Services\"). Some of the Sites are websites that we operate on behalf of third party licensors, for example, JillianMichaels.com, PDRHealth.com and SouthBeachDiet.com (collectively, \"Licensors\"). Everyday Health's Services may include, without limitation, tools, applications, email services, bulletin and message boards, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, calendars, and downloadable mobile applications related to the Sites or provided through the Sites.. In addition to this general Policy, each Service may have additional privacy provisions that are specific to the particular Service. These supplemental disclosures are made adjacent to the particular Service at the time we collect the information. These supplemental disclosures also govern the use of your information.. Your Personal Information will be processed by us in the United States.. In addition, we are not responsible for updating or removing your Personal Information contained in the lists or databases of third parties who have been provided information as permitted by this Policy.. We may make message boards, chat rooms, and other interactive forums available as part of the Services. You should be aware that any information which you post to these interactive forums or otherwise choose to make publicly available, including your Personal Information, may be disclosed and available to all users who have access to that portion of the Site or Services. By using these interactive forums, you agree that we are not responsible for any information that you disclose or communicate in such forums, and any disclosures you make are at your own risk.. We will use your Personal Information in the ways described below or described at the time that the information is collected.. privacy@everydayhealth.com. By using these interactive forums, you agree that we are not responsible for any information that you disclose or communicate in such forums, and any disclosures you make are at your own risk.": "1",
        "Promotional Offers. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.com, including personalized or interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads policy.. Related Practices and Information Conditions of Use Discussion Boards Community Rules Help department Most Recent Purchases Your Profile and Community Guidelines. The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies,. To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.com if your computer supports such capabilities.. Under the Safe Harbor program, any unresolved privacy complaints can be referred to an independent dispute resolution mechanism. We use the BBB EU Safe Harbor Program, which is operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus.. ost likely, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. For information about specific devices, click here . If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.. Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control:. knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Amazon.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.. Last updated: March 3, 2014. To see what has changed, click here.. Does Amazon.com Share the Information It Receives?. Amazon.com does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Amazon.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.. Examples of businesses with which we offer joint or co-branded products and other offerings include Starbucks, OfficeMax, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, AT&T, J&R Electronics, Eddie Bauer and Northern Tool + Equipment.. Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites.. ny unresolved privacy complaints can be referred to an independent dispute resolution mechanism. your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers. This notice describes our privacy policy.. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.. Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.com, including personalized or interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads policy.. If you have questions about our participation in the Safe Harbor program or have a complaint, please send an e-mail to safeharbor@amazon.com.": "0",
        "We take protecting your privacy seriously, and we want you to understand exactly how and why we use your information. This document is our Privacy Policy, which describes what information we collect and what it's used for. It applies to all interactions with reddit.com, including interactions with our site through buttons and widgets. It also applies to reddit.tv and mobile applications produced by reddit. However, redditgifts has its own privacy policies and terms of use.. However, reddit does not handle or have access to any of your payment information. For questions about how this information is stored and used, please read our third party partners privacy policies.. reddit welcomes questions, concerns, and feedback about this policy. Please feel free to contact us.. reddit is an open platform that allows you to communicate about anything you want on any topic you want. We collect some information in order for you to have an account you can use to participate on the site, and other information that is necessary to make the service work. Our goal in developing our privacy practices is to allow your participation to remain as anonymous as you choose, and we dont sell or profit from the information you share with us.. Also, we do not have control over third parties that may collect and store data independently from reddit without our permission and without following our rules.. reddit privacy policy effective Apr 14, 2015 your privacy is genuinely important to us.. We partner with Adzerk to show our users third party banner ads and to provide self-serve, or sponsored headline, ads you see near the top of reddit pages.. Please keep in mind that the mobile portion of this privacy policy only applies to the apps reddit owns and controls, which includes apps like reddit AMA and Alien Blue.. involuntary pornography reddit is committed to your privacy. If you believe that someone has submitted, without your permission, to reddit a link to a photograph, video, or digital image of you in a state of nudity or engaged in any act of sexual conduct, please contact us ( contact@reddit.com), and we will expedite its removal as quickly as possible. reddit prohibits the posting of such content without consent.. We do not associate your devices unique advertising identifier with your user account, even if you are signed in on an app.. However, redditgifts has its own privacy policies and terms of use.. use of and/or registration with reddit will constitute your agreement to our policy.. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed reddit, please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint.. reddits mobile apps provide a unique and convenient way to experience reddit. This portion of our privacy policy describes the information our apps collect, how we use it, and how it all fits in with the reddit youre already familiar with.. If you enable app notifications, you can choose to receive timely updates about things like new private messages, interactions with your comments, and more.. This document is our Privacy Policy, which describes what information we collect and what it's used for. It applies to all interactions with reddit.com, including interactions with our site through buttons and widgets. It also applies to reddit.tv and mobile applications produced by reddit.. pursuant to Adzerk's privacy policy.. reddit is an open platform that allows you to communicate about anything you want on any topic you want.": "0",
        "Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy.. For the avoidance of doubt, these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users.. https://preferences.hearstmags.com/Hearst/Login.aspx.If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties (if we have your postal address), you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to Mail Preference Service, P.O. Box 6000, Harlan,Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com.. We may offer our Magazines through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy. For the avoidance of doubt, such subscription page is a \"Covered Site\" and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page, but does not apply to information collected through the third party website.. In addition to reviewing Sections 4(d) and5(d), if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83, you may notify us in writing at Mail Preference Service,P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com.. We require these companies to delete the Personally IdentifiableInformation we provide them.. To use the wireless email address, SMS, WAP, or Mobile Service, you must reside in theUnited States.. then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service. Despite your indicated preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices about your subscription, and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception, Legal Exceptions, and Acquisition Exception described above.. We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect. These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy.. This privacy policy describes how Hearst Communications, Inc.and its Affiliates (collectively, \"Hearst\") treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites, mobile-optimized versions of the web sites, and digital applications to which this policy is linked (collectively, \"Covered Sites\"). For the purposes of this policy, an entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an \"Affiliate\", where control means ownership of 15% or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests. For the purposes of this policy, \"PersonallyIdentifiable Information\" is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual, and includes your name, email address, address,telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing. By submitting PersonallyIdentifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy.. You understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages. You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.. https://preferences.hearstmags.com/Hearst/Login.aspx. We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom.. For more information click here. Except as specified herein, this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline;. webfeedback@seventeen.com. The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies.. Current Paid Video Subscription Services are: Cosmobody - service@cosmobody.com. Your User Registration will also be recognized at some of our Affiliate sites and sites which we partner with so that you may easily access features on those sites using your User Registration (\"Shared Registration Sites\"); however the information we provide and your actions on those Shared Registration Sites will be governed by the separate privacy policies of those Shared Registration Sites. A list of those Shared Registration Sites is set forth below, and may be updated from time to time. Current SharedRegistration Sites are: The National Magazine Company Limited.. b. We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise, including from third parties, for marketing purposes.. The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them.. e. We may create Anonymous Information from PersonallyIdentifiable Information by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion.. e. Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions, which will be posted on the CoveredSite in connection with such features. All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy.. If you provide us with personal anecdotes,they may be attributed to you. Hearst can edit, rewrite, use, and reuse the content, including your name, likeness,photograph, and biographical information you provide, with or without attribution, including publication in the Magazines, and in trade media, and advertising.. 4. Disclosure of Your Information a. In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy, Hearst may (and you authorize us to) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations:. Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites. Continued use of our Covered Sites, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.. Mail PreferenceService, P.O. Box 6000, Harlan, Iowa 51593 or contacting us at customercare@hearstmags.com.. c. When you provide us your email address(e.g., to subscribe to our Magazines) but are not already a registered user of one of our Covered Sites, some of our Covered Sites may assign you a user name and password so that we can enhance your user experience by facilitating easy entry into other features and offers on the Covered Sites and saving your preferences. Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration, and in those areas, you will be asked to establish your own user name and password or you can elect to use the one we've assigned. Your user name and password (\"User Registration\") will function across many of our Covered Sites, regardless of brand. Your User Registration will also be recognized at some of our Affiliate sites and sites which we partner with so that you may easily access features on those sites using your User Registration (\"Shared Registration Sites\"); however the information we provide and your actions on those Shared Registration Sites will be governed by the separate privacy policies of those Shared Registration Sites. A list of those Shared Registration Sites is set forth below, and may be updated from time to time. Current SharedRegistration Sites are: The National Magazine Company Limited.. e. Exceptions. If you have opted-out as described above, and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party (e.g.,you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out), then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service. Despite your indicated preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices about your subscription, and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception, Legal Exceptions, and Acquisition Exception described above.. 1. Purpose and Scope of this Privacy Policy. This privacy policy describes how Hearst Communications, Inc.and its Affiliates (collectively, \"Hearst\") treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites, mobile-optimized versions of the web sites, and digital applications to which this policy is linked (collectively, \"Covered Sites\"). For the purposes of this policy, an entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an \"Affiliate\", where control means ownership of 15% or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests.. This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Hearst and only applies to the Covered Sites(defined above). This privacy policy does not apply to Hearst websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Hearst websites, including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site. Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites.. Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted. Deleting, rejecting, disabling or turning offHTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies.": "1",
        "We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.. Privacy Policy Last modified: June 30, 2015 ( view archived versions). There are many different ways you can use our services - to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies:. We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services - for example to make it easier to share things with people you know. We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent.. Information we collect when you are signed in to Google may be associated with your Google Account. When information is associated with your Google Account, we treat it as personal information. hen updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.. We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services. Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.. Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account.. When you use Google services, you trust us with your information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. This is important; we hope you will take time to read it carefully.. There are many different ways you can use our services - to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. When you share information with us, for example by creating a Google Account, we can make those services even better - to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Google services, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.. When this Privacy Policy applies Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates, including YouTube, and services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.. When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate an identifier from cookies or similar technologies with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.. Our Privacy Policy explains: What information we collect and why we collect it. How we use that information. The choices we offer, including how to access and update information.. Information you share Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines, including Google. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content.. Information we collect when you are signed in to Google may be associated with your Google Account. When information is associated with your Google Account, we treat it as personal information. For more information about how you can access, manage or delete information that is associated with your Google Account, visit the Transparency and choice section of this policy.. We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.. Other useful privacy and security related materials Further useful privacy and security related materials can be found through Google's policies and principles pages, including: Information about our technologies and principles, which includes, among other things, more information on how Google uses cookies. technologies we use for advertising. how we recognize patterns like faces. A page that explains what data is shared with Google when you visit websites that use our advertising, analytics and social products. Google's safety center, which provides information on how to stay safe and secure online.. Last modified: June 30, 2015 ( view archived versions). Specific product practices The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use: Chrome and Chrome OS Books Payments Fiber. For more information about some of our most popular services, you can visit the Google Product Privacy Guide.. Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.. We've tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you're not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first. Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices - and if you have any questions contact us.. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).. Compliance and cooperation with regulatory authorities We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.. Our Google Analytics product helps businesses and site owners analyze the traffic to their websites and apps. When used in conjunction with our advertising services, such as those using the DoubleClick cookie, Google Analytics information is linked, by the Google Analytics customer or by Google, using Google technology, with information about visits to multiple sites.. People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can:": "1"
    }
}