{
    "First Party Collection/Use": {
        "provide you the option to share. These services will authenticate your identity. We may also notify you of products, services, or areas of our site that we think may interest you based on the information we've received. We sometimes conduct surveys as well. to help us better understand what our community and our premium members are interested in. help us understand how people use our sites so that we can improve our sites and our users' respective experiences. Our Web beacons do not collect personally identifiable information.. track your personal stock. storing information about your preferences on a site. appropriate advertising. regarding your order if necessary. a contest entry, or a review of a product. when you enter contests. use it to identify content that we think is relevant to you. provide our advertisers with an efficient way to reach the right audience. such as our discussion boards or email newsletters. The Motley Fool can deliver more relevant content. you use our recommendation service. in the following ways:. To conduct research on behalf of some partners on their websites, and for auditing purposes. for auditing purposes.. contact you. at other times,. providing special features and services.. automatically send this person a one-time email,. process and fulfill your order and notify you of your order status. receiving emails and other communications from us. This research is usually compiled and analyzed. to provide our advertisers with an efficient way to reach the right audience. recommendation service. We conduct research. If you use a Motley Fool application on a third party site or mobile device we may collect data about you including your email address.. to help us improve your experience. f you sign up for special or personalized services. to help us understand how people use our sites. other promotions sponsored by The Motley Fool. most personalized experience possible. may not be able to gain access to certain areas of our site. invite your friend to visit and register with our site. do not collect. compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. How does The Motley Fool use your personal information. send this person a one-time email. To count and recognize users. To conduct research on behalf of some partners on their websites, and for auditing purposes. To determine aggregate information about users, including demographic and usage information. To determine which email messages were opened (and when), as well as acted upon when we send HTML-formatted email messages (messages resembling Web pages that include graphics).. advertisements to you.. with the best and most personalized experience possible. To determine aggregate information about users,. Gathering this information allows us to process and fulfill your order and notify you of your order status. so that we can provide a more interesting and useful service. is used to serve ads to you. when you register to use certain features of our Web site. for site security. For similar quality reasons. we can provide a more interesting and useful service. When you place an order for a product or service. take advantage of those products or services. if you sign up for special or personalized services, such as our discussion boards or email newsletters. information about our various products and services, or other products and services that we believe may interest you.. send you information about our various products and services, or other products and services that we believe may interest you. special features. to use certain features of our Web site. To conduct research on behalf of some partners on their websites,. We may also notify you of products, services, or areas of our site that we think may interest you. to enable the feature to function properly. provide you, the user, with the best and most personalized experience. we may contact you to confirm your purchase, subscription, or registration, or to provide you with information about its terms or features.. We may also notify you of products, services, or areas of our site that we think may interest you based on the information we've received.. as well as more appropriate advertising.. for direct mailing. identify content that we think is relevant to you. Although we may assign your browser a cookie, the cookie does not tell us who you are. or a review of a product).": "0",
        "to administer these activities. to comply with laws and regulations, and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement requirements;. In order to understand how advertising performs. In order to help make our advertising informative and useful. data analysis. to advertise. help advertise our products and services, including prescreened offers of credit,. to inform you about important information regarding the Site, products or services for which you apply or may be interested in applying for, or in which you are already enrolled, changes to terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information;. to maintain measures aimed at preventing fraud and protecting the security of account and Personal Information;. for any online behavioral advertising purpose.. for risk control, for fraud detection and prevention, to comply with laws and regulations, and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement requirements;. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline. helping diagnose server problems,. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have. calculating Site usage levels. to allow you to participate in surveys and other forms of market research, sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities.. for advertising purposes.. to verify your identity and/or location (or the identity or location of your representative or agent) in order to allow access to your accounts, conduct online transactions. understand what product or service may be of interest to you;. offers. advertising purposes. for compliance and security purposes. to assist us in resolving account holders questions regarding use of our Site.. In order to understand how advertising performs,. identifying usage trends. to ensure Sites function properly, for fraud detection and prevention, and security purposes. to allow you to participate in surveys and other forms of market research,. to help advertise our products and services,. to inform you about important information regarding the Site, products or services for which you apply or may be interested in applying for, or in which you are already enrolled, changes to terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information. to verify your identity and/or location (or the identity or location of your representative or agent) in order to allow access to your accounts, conduct online transactions and to maintain measures aimed at preventing fraud and protecting the security of account and Personal Information;. in order to consolidate your financial account information at one online location;. for advertising. may be used for our business purposes,. promotional campaigns. calculating Site usage levels,. Banner ads and splash ads that appear as you sign on or off of your online accounts on our Sites, within mobile banking and other mobility applications E-mail, postal mail, and telemarketing, and, On other sites and mobile apps not affiliated with Bank of America;. tailored content. to facilitate navigation. to provide online and offline tailored content. marketing. to assist in verifying your identity and account status.. to measure the effectiveness of our communications, the success of our marketing campaigns, to compile statistics about usage and response rates,. to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests. in order to continually improve the design and functionality, to monitor responses to our advertisements and content, to understand how account holders and visitors use the Site and to assist us with resolving questions regarding the Site.. understand how advertising performs. ads or offers tailored to you. collected through aggregation services such as My Portfolio and My Financial Picture in order to consolidate your financial account information at one online location; understand what product or service may be of interest to you; and present you with offers;. to personalize. ads. to deliver marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you. Determine whether you might be interested in new products or services. in order to continually improve the design and functionality. As part of our solutions for online authentication. ensure Sites function properly, for fraud detection and prevention, and security purposes.. Banner ads and splash ads. to personalize/tailor your experience while engaging with us. o display information more effectively, to personalize/tailor your experience while engaging with us, and to recognize your device to allow your use of our online products and services.. allow you to utilize features within our Sites. to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests;. understand what product or service may be of interest to you; and present you with offers;. for business purposes,. audits. for fraud detection and prevention, for security purposes,. purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose server problems. may be used for our business purposes, which may include. to allow you to use some Site financial planning tools. Information that you enter into one of these planning tools may be stored for future access and use. You have the option not to save the information. offering products or services, research, marketing or analyzing market trends,. sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions. advertising. data analysis, audits, developing and improving products and services, enhancing the Site, identifying usage trends. security purposes, to facilitate navigation,. to allow you to use some Site financial planning tools.. to allow you to apply for products or services (e.g., to prequalify for a mortgage, apply for a credit card, or to open a retirement account, investment account or other financial product) and evaluate your eligibility for such products or services;. to personalize/tailor your experience while engaging with us online and offline,. We use the information for security purposes. Present tailored ads. for business purposes, including data analysis, audits, developing and improving products and services, enhancing the Site, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns. offering products or services. research, marketing or analyzing market trends. to allow you to apply for products or services (e.g., to prequalify for a mortgage, apply for a credit card, or to open a retirement account, investment account or other financial product) and evaluate your eligibility for such products or services. verifying your identity and account status. We may use this online information for online and offline advertising.. for advertising,. including, ads or offers tailored to you;. Present tailored ads, to you including. monitor your responses.. to deliver marketing communications. offering products or services,. Analyze the effectiveness of our ads. We use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively,. continually improve the design and functionality,. advertisements. to monitor responses to our advertisements and content. personalize your experience on the Site. to help us recognize you and your device when you come back to the Site. For our pages running Adobe Flash content (demos and tutorials with moving content), we use Flash objects to determine your browser type and version of Adobe Flash in order for you to view the content.. to recognize your device to allow your use of our online products and services.. to advertise our products and services on sites and mobile apps not affiliated with us.. to measure the effectiveness of our communications, the success of our marketing campaigns, to compile statistics about usage and response rates. for risk control, for fraud detection and prevention. research,. determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns;. to monitor responses to our advertisements and content,. in order to allow access to your accounts, conduct online transactions. helping diagnose server problems. to select which of our advertisements or offers may appeal to you,. help determine which advertisements or offers to present to you.. sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities. to allow you to utilize features within our Sites. to personalize/tailor your experience while engaging with us online and offline. for fraud detection and prevention, for security purposes. to help determine which of our advertisements or offers may be of interest to you. This information may be used to deliver advertising on our Sites and offline (for example, by phone, email and direct mail) that's customized to meet specific interests you may have.": "1",
        "payment transactions that we assist them in executing,. statistical and evaluation purposes. to inform you of services of Chase Paymentech or its partners that may be of use to you, and for similar business purposes.. When you submit an application to obtain a Merchant account and become a Merchant,. They therefore enable the website to \"recognize\" you on your return remember your preferences and tailor services to you.. Conduct research to improve Chase Paymentech content and services.. assisting in preventing fraud. d may be used by Chase Paymentech to respond to your inquiries, to contact you,. ii) evaluate your eligibility for a Merchant account, which may involve disclosure to consumer reporting agencies, commercial credit bureaus, and relevant financial institutions.. to enable you to improve your user experience when using our website, e.g. a cookie which recognizes if your browser supports specific technology features. This helps, for example, in enabling web pages to be loaded more quickly when you request the download of a large file.. and marketing.. the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing.. to obtain a Merchant account. for similar business purposes.. Help us maintain security and verify your details whilst you use the website as you navigate from page to page,. Help us maintain security and verify your details whilst you use the website as you navigate from page to page, which enables you to avoid having to re-enter your details each time you enter a new page.. Help us maintain security and verify your details. to contact you about other Chase Paymentech offerings and services.. our advertising. When you complete and submit a form on our website, send us an e-mail, send us a fax, or contact us by telephone to solicit information about our services or the company in general,. which enables you to avoid having to re-enter your details each time you enter a new page.. informing you about general company news, product updates and developments, card association rules, and industry trends, offering you products and services that may be of interest to you. When you submit an application to obtain a Merchant account and become a Merchant, you will be required to provide us with certain information about your business, and its owners and officers, which may also act as guarantors of the Merchant's obligations.. purpose of processing the transaction. for the purpose of processing the transaction.. does not. transaction information. to inform you of services of Chase Paymentech or its partners that may be of use to you,. about other Chase Paymentech offerings and services.. who may be interested in learning more about our services (\"Customer Data\").. in order to provide us or third parties with information.. Chase Paymentech does not have direct relationships with, or collect information directly from, individual consumers other than in their capacity as owners or operators of a commercial enterprise. Chase Paymentech does not provide services for consumer, personal, family or household purposes.. allow the website to recognize you as you navigate between pages during a single browser session and allow you to use the website most efficiently. For example, session cookies enable a website to remember that a user has placed items in an online shopping basket.. respond to your inquiries, to contact you,. Collect and compile anonymous, aggregated information for statistical and evaluation purposes to help us understand how users use the website and help us improve the structure of our website.. (i) comply with any applicable federal legislation requiring Chase Paymentech to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each entity with which it establishes a Merchant relationship,. Display the most appropriate banners to Chase Paymentech and third party offerings based on your activity while on Chase Paymentech's site.. we use cookies to enable you to improve your user experience when using our website, e.g. a cookie which recognizes if your browser supports specific technology features. This helps, for example, in enabling web pages to be loaded more quickly when you request the download of a large file.. We use this information in the aggregate to understand, for example, the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing.. Remember how you have customized your use of this site, such as your preferred currency and time zone. By using this site. (ii) evaluate your eligibility for a Merchant account, which may involve disclosure to consumer reporting agencies, commercial credit bureaus, and relevant financial institutions.": "0",
        "counting page views,. personalize your experience on our Services. We also may use this information to analyze site usage,. Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device, you may be able to manage them using software settings. For information on managing Flash cookies, for example, see http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.. and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, or services.. to send a gift or electronic greeting card.. to improve the design and content of our publications and websites, and to enable us to customize your Internet experience.. to help us manage our Services, such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors, how they can be improved, and to customize them for our users.. order publications and products. you can order publications and products; engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes, playing games, taking quizzes, voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion; subscribe to one of our services, such as newsletters; or participate in one of our online forums or communities. Your personally identifiable information may be required to engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested.. such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes, when we make changes to subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account.. Through Time Inc. publications, websites, and other media, you can order publications and products; engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes, playing games, taking quizzes, voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion; subscribe to one of our services, such as newsletters; or participate in one of our online forums or communities. is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities. engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes, playing games, taking quizzes, voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion; subscribe to one of our services, such as newsletters; or participate in one of our online forums or communities.. unrelated uses.. To enhance your experience on our Services,. advertising responses. send a gift or electronic greeting card. to improve the design and content of our publications and websites,. to fulfill requests for our publications, products or services,. to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products, programs or services that may be of interest.. fulfill requests for our publications, products or services, to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products, programs or services that may be of interest.. enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services, and relate your use of the Services to other information about you, such as your usage information and personal information.. information about your personal or professional interests and use of or opinions about various products, programs and services. For instance, we may ask you to identify your job or industry to qualify you for free business magazines.. to qualify you for free business magazines.. when we make changes to subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account.. Time Inc. sites sometimes may offer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, editorial features, or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties. By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings,. to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics, such as counting page views, promotion views, or advertising responses.. for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content.. your name, screen name and other information you have provided to us.. to offer you products, programs, or services.. contests, sweepstakes, promotions, editorial features, or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties. deliver advertisements that you might be interested in.. how they can be improved, and to customize them for our users.. non-personally identifiable. facilitate participation in these online forums and communities. to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you.. to enable us to customize your Internet experience.. may offer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, editorial features, or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties.. However, you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content.. to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in.. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Services (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site, to save your password in password-protected areas, to enable shopping carts, or to tailor content or product and service offerings).. engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes, playing games, taking quizzes, voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion; subscribe to one of our services, such as newsletters; or participate in one of our online forums or communities. you can submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name, mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card.. we may place \"cookies\" on your computer or device.. To enhance your experience on our Services. Your personally identifiable information may be required to engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested.. If you choose to submit content (e.g., a \"letter to our editors\" or an online review),. understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings. to help us manage our Services, such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors, how they can be improved,. to fulfill requests for our publications, products or services, to respond to inquiries about offerings. to offer other products, programs or services that may be of interest.. is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and. and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in.. promotion views,. to customize them for our users.. We may also collect. communicate with you, such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes,. We also may use this information to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.. we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Services (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site, to save your password in password-protected areas, to enable shopping carts, or to tailor content or product and service offerings).. to understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings. to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past.. Cache cookies, such as eTags, may be used t": "0",
        "that you post to the Service.. measure traffic and usage trends. automatically update the Instagram application on your device Instagram or other Users may run contests, special offers or other events or activities (\"Events\") on the Service. If you do not want to participate in an Event, do not use the particular Metadata (i.e. hashtag or geotag) associated with that Event.. to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service.. If you choose to find your friends through a (ii) third-party social media site, then you will be prompted to set up a link to the third-party service and you understand that any information that such service may provide to us will be governed by this Privacy Policy.. This information allows us to help you or others be \"found\" on Instagram.. for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.. legal request or obligation, governmental investigation. may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service. provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service develop and test new products and features monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns diagnose or fix technology problems. and ads.. help you efficiently access your information after you sign in. about how you use Instagram and provide features to you.. User Content (e.g., photos, comments, and other materials) that you post. to find your friends through a (ii) third-party social media site,. provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing. in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.. investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.. that you provide for your user profile (e.g., first and last name, picture, phone number). This information allows us to help you or others be \"found\" on Instagram.. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.. to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. allows us to help you or others be \"found\" on Instagram.. automatically update the Instagram application on your device. may help us or others provide reports. For example, we may send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).. to collect information about how you use Instagram. or other forms of marketing. help you efficiently access your information after you sign in remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; provide personalized content and information to you and others,. We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party.. to find your friends (iii) through a search of names or usernames on Instagram. ads. register for an Instagram account.. to determine whether or not someone associated with your contact is using Instagram.. and provide features to you.. Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access (i.e., visit) a web page or app. which could include online ads. may help us or others provide reports or personalized content. personalized content. information about how you use Instagram and provide features to you. when you register for an Instagram account.. when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.. provide personalized content and information to you and others. help us or others provide reports": "0",
        "to send e-mails that you have requested to receive from THE MRC;. advertisements. better serve you with tailored information. facilitate your ongoing access to and use of our Services. We may collect clickstream data to optimize search engine results and may also use clickstream data to analyze which portions of our Website draw the most traffic so we can improve performance of our Services. may. We use web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about our Services and our marketing campaigns.. to store your Website and Application preference. research purposes,. Before you log in through the particular site, you will be presented with the list of permissions, and you may cancel your log on if you do not want to proceed. during a session. collect information automatically. Personally Identifiable Information We Collect From and About You Information We Collect Directly From You: THE MRC may collect certain types of personally identifiable information that is, information that can identify an individual directly from you, including but not limited to: name e-mail address date of birth. THE MRC does not. DO. Collect. provide a customized user experience. personalize. marketing. log-in. analytics. o deliver content that you have requested from our Services;. to deliver content that you have requested from our Services; to send e-mails that you have requested to receive from THE MRC; to provide you with information, including via email, about services, products, and features that may be of interest to you, including products and services offered by third parties, as well as emails about our own Services; for customer service purposes, such as in response to inquiries that you initiate with us about any aspect of our Website, to provide information about our Services, or any other customer service purpose; and. visit the Website, make inquiries through the Website or offline purchase products or services on the Website use our Website share your e-mail address to subscribe to email newsletters post comments, messages, letters and the like on the Website participate in any surveys, contests, or sweepstakes sponsored by THE MRC register for our Services provide tips, comments or questions to us contact us for customer service or other purposes provide it to us when contacting us about this Policy. username password. marketing campaign. deliver content that you have requested from our Services. about user activity, which may be combined with other user information.. THE MRC and our third party service providers collect information automatically through the use of electronic tools such as web beacons, cookies, Flash, clickstream data, and other automated devices that are deployed on the Website. We and our third party service providers may collect the following information about your use of our Website via these technologies: your IP address; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your interaction with our Website; length of time you are logged into our Website; and websites visited before our Website.. optimize search engine results and may also use clickstream data to analyze which portions of our Website draw the most traffic so we can improve performance of our Services.. to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into our Services.. optimize. conduct analytics of our Services to help us track and understand how visitors use our Services, using the technologies described in this section.. improve. to understand how people use our Services, for research purposes, and to improve our Services.. to help monitor traffic at NewsBusters.org and understand the ways in which users interact with content on the Website. We and our third party service providers conduct analytics of our Services to help us track and understand how visitors use our Services, using the technologies described in this section. For example, we use a variety of third party web analytics, to help us improve the performance and user experience of our Website and Application.. uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into our Services.. THE MRC may collect certain types of personally identifiable information. analyze. provide you with information, including via email, about services, products, and features that may be of interest to you, including products and services offered by third parties, as well as emails about our own Services;. we may use web beacons to count visitors to our Website or to monitor how our users navigate our Website. We and our third party service providers may use Flash Local Storage Objects (Flash LSOs) to store your Website and Application preferences, to personalize your visit or to display content based upon what you view on our Website and Application. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. In addition, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your browser. For more information on Flash LSOs, or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash cookies, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose Global Storage Settings Panel and follow the instructions. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose Website Storage Settings Panel and follow the instructions to review and, if you choose, to delete any specific Flash LSO. - See more at: http://newsbusters.org/privacy-policy#sthash.3sEtPLFK.dpuf. tailored. You may log in to post comments or share articles via your Facebook, Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn, Disqus, or other third-party account (collectively, third party accounts). logged. to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity. o count visitors to our Website or to monitor how our users navigate our Website.. purchase products or services on the Website use our Website. o personalize your visit or to display content based upon what you view on our Website and Application. share your e-mail address to subscribe to email newsletters post comments, messages, letters and the like on the Website participate in any surveys, contests, or sweepstakes sponsored by THE MRC. to provide you with information, including via email, about services, products, and features that may be of interest to you, including products and services offered by third parties, as well as emails about our own Services;. use": "1",
        "When used in conjunction with our advertising services. to show you more relevant search results. such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites. to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising. ike giving you more relevant search results. to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results,. visit a website that uses our advertising services, or view and interact with our ads and content. spam and malware detection. offer you tailored content - like giving you more relevant search results and ads.. across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account.. so that you are represented consistently across all our services.. to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.. When you use our services or view content provided by Google, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs.. inform you about our services,. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer. When you use Google services,. Google features that may appear on other sites. to make it easier to share things with people you know. Certain services. provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and our users. many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account.. Information you give us.. For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account.. to help you connect with people. advertising services. When showing you tailored ads,. we'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer.. Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you watch a video on YouTube, visit a website that uses our advertising services, or view and interact with our ads and content.. to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection.. to offer you tailored content. provide better services to all of our users. locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.. to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and our users. when you interact with services we offer to our partners. to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services.. issues you might be facing.. and spam and malware detection. from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you'll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like.. when you visit a Google service. If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer,. ads. We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number).. or example by creating a Google Account. and ads. to provide better services to all of our users. many of our services. to help solve any issues you might be facing.. to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. displaying in ads. to protect Google and our users.. which ads you'll find most useful,. improve them, to develop new ones,. tailored advertising. analyze the traffic to their websites and apps": "0",
        "We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Sites and make it easier and/or relevant for your use. In addition, when you interact with any The Atlantic property page or account on a social media platform, such as Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, or LinkedIn, we may collect the personally identifiable information that you make available to us on that page or account including your social media account ID.. may. Provide you with the content, products and services you request Post your user generated content to our Sites as you request Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features and enhancements on or to our Sites Communicate with you about changes to our policies Communicate with you about your comment to a story or topic. Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features and enhancements on or to our Sites. Personalize content and experiences on our Sites, including providing you recommendations based on your preferences. we may collect. collect. Administer our loyalty programs. improve the Sites. dvertisements. rack use of our Sites and online services.. Provide you with the content, products and services you request. We may also collect information about your use of the Sites, including your search terms and search results, and additional traffic data such as time of access, date of access, software crash reports, session identification number, access times, and referring website addresses. Our servers may automatically keep an activity log of your use of our Sites. In addition to non-identifiable individual information, we may collect aggregate data regarding the use of the Sites.. Advertisements and certain content may be directed to you as a result of this data.. Administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys. omplete a survey or participate in market research;. to help us personalize. o collect information. certain content may be directed to you as a result of this dat. collect such information. subscribe to our publications, newsletters, and other content; place an order; register for a Site or any part thereof;. In conjunction with your entry in such contest or sweepstakes. Advertisements. to track use of our Sites and online services. We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Sites and make it easier and/or relevant for your use. Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Sites and their purchasing patterns. does not. We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the Sites: non-personally identifiable information and personally identifiable information. Non-personally identifiable information does not individually identify you, but it may include tracking and usage information about your general location, demographics, use of the Sites and the Internet.. Provide you with advertising including advertising based on your activity on our Sites or activity on third party sites and applications. in conjunction with your use of the Sites. We may also use web beacons and web storage technologies. A web beacon (also known as an action tag, tracer tag, or single-pixel gif) is an invisible graphic on a web page that is programmed to collect information about your use of a given website.. When you interact with the Sites, we may collect certain information that does not identify you individually (non-personally identifiable information or non-PII), such as demographic data; information about your computer, mobile device, or other device that you use to access the Sites, including IP address, general location information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other transactional information.. Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal. ertain content may be directed to you as a result of this data.. We may use. We may use the information from one portion of the Sites on other portions of Sites in our network of Sites, all of which are owned and operated by The Atlantic, and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Sites into a single user record.. including when you subscribe to our publications, newsletters, and other content; place an order; register for a Site or any part thereof; complete a survey or participate in market research; enter a contest; upload content; or when you seek employment at The Atlantic.. enter a contest; upload content; or when you seek employment at The Atlantic.. Send you newsletters, offers and promotions for our products and services, third party products and services, or special events by e-mail, text, or other another medium": "1",
        "used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.. typically includes. The requested information typically includes. he only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. F. On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email.. This profile is used to tailor a user's visit to our Web site, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them.. for informing a friend about our site. from the user on our order form. help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. In order to use this Web site,. is used to serve ads to users on this site.. gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site. direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We use both session ID cookies [and] persistent cookies.. purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.. will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.. subscribe to our newsletter. to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences.. used to notify the winners and award prizes. to analyze trends, administer the site, track user?s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.. to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.. We use this information to contact the user about services on our site for which he has expressed interest. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.. We use a tracking utility called ClickTracks that uses log files to analyze user movement.. Anonymous Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.. If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter. manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. In order for this Web site to properly fulfill its obligation to users. is used to tailor a user's visit to our Web site,. is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. referral service. to enhance the RedOrbit experience.. to enhance the RedOrbit experience. improve the content of the site for the user. to analyze user movement.. and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them.. Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter.. but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site. tailor a user's visit to our Web site. users would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.. By setting a cookie on our site, users would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site": "1",
        "your Internet Protocol (\"IP\") address. To provide our Services.. AOL does not read your private online communications without your consent.. We may use the information for the reasons explained in this Privacy Policy, but the main reason we use it is to make your experience on our Services more personal and social.. one of our paid services,. for the limited purposes of providing the service you are using and improving the security of our services.. post comments. improving the security of our services.. Information about your interactions with the websites, apps, and other services you use, the content you view, the search queries you submit,. Also, we receive information about you when you choose to connect with social networking services while using our Services.. we automatically collect. If you request local movie show times from Moviefone. to deliver them to you. to provide content. We may use the information for the reasons explained in this Privacy Policy,. We're always working to make our services even better. One of the ways we do that is by analyzing information. Showing you ads. Information about your interactions with the websites, apps, and other services you use, the content you view, the search queries you submit, and information in cookies and similar technologies;. to make your experience on our Services more personal and social.. so that we can provide you with up-to-the-second market news and commentary relevant to your holdings.. to make the advertising we provide more effective.. we may use that information to address any problem.. One of the ways we do that. When you purchase one of our paid services. If you sign up to receive the daily headlines from Huffington Post. We may use the information for the reasons explained in this Privacy Policy. when you use our Services. so that we can tell you where and when movies are playing;. advertising. to provide you with times at nearby theaters. Depending on how you access and use our Services. AOL may use information about your use of certain AOL communication tools (for example, AOL Mail and AOL Instant Messenger);. to make the advertising we provide more effective. Information you give us . You can give us information directly.. Measuring the effectiveness of the ads we serve. We collect some of this information using cookies, web beacons, and other technologies.. When you post comments in response to a story or video on any of our Services. providing the service you are using. When you sign up for an AOL account. To improve our Services. we might put that content in a special place on the website or in the app;. We collect some of this information using cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. does not. your Internet Protocol (\"IP\") address, and the website you visited before visiting our Services.. When you use Moviefone. to provide you with the Services you use or request. provide more effective advertising,. analyzing. contact us. and advertising that. If you ask us to remember your login information. advertising that people are likely to find relevant and engaging.. we might show the user an ad for a sports car on AOL.com or on other sites in the AOL Advertising Network; and. when you use location-enabled services like MapQuest,. the Services. If you ask us to remember your login information for AOL Services. Information about how you access those websites, apps, and other services, your browser or operating system,. This is information we automatically collect and store about the device you use when you access our Services or the services in the AOL Advertising Network. (Note that by \"device,\" we mean anything you use to access our Services.. We collect. additional information. When you otherwise contact us or provide us information directly.. We get. we receive. We may receive additional information about you that is publicly. we automatically collect and store. information about your use of certain AOL communication tools. your device's GPS signal and information about nearby WiFi networks and cell towers.": "1",
        "who make purchases or have payment transactions on our Site.. advertising that is relevant to your geographic area.. advertisements. in connection with the ad serving and ad targeting on our Site. uestions or participate in contests, surveys or sweepstakes, information that you post on blogs, discussion forums or other community posting and social networking areas on our Site, and information that you electronically submit when you complete an online registration form to access and use certain features of our Site. to improve the delivery of our web pages to you. to process your registration request, to provide you with services and communications that you have requested, to send you email updates and other communications,. measure Site traffic, measure user interests and traffic patterns, and to improve the Site and the services and features offered via. may. advertising that appear on the Site. advertising that is relevant to your geographic area. ny other communications that we believe may be of interest to you.. dentify how many unique users visit us, and track user trends and patterns.. ads, ad serving. These things allow us, among other things, to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Site.. collect. enhance your experience. rom those users who make purchases or have payment transactions on our Site.. to measure traffic on the Site.. ustomize features,. We do not knowingly collec. for the purpose for which the information was submitted, to process your registration request, to provide you with services and communications that you have requested,. The information we collect may be collected directly by us. We may collect location information (e.g., city and state and/or zip code) that you provide. in order to deliver our app services.. advertising. process your registration request, to provide you with services and communications that you have requested. mprove the Site. serve targeted advertisements on this site.. send you email updates and other communications,. improve the delivery of our web pages. We may collect. serve targeted advertisements on this site. Location Information. We may collect location information (e.g., city and state and/or zip code) that you provide.. Some examples of this type of information include information that you electronically submit when you contact us with questions or participate in contests, surveys or sweepstakes, information that you post on blogs, discussion forums or other community posting and social networking areas on our Site, and information that you electronically submit when you complete an online registration form to access and use certain features of our Site.. rovide you with content, services. he information collected allows us to analyze how users use the site and to track user interests, trends and patterns,. customize. any other communications that we believe may be of interest to you.. among other things. measure traffic on the Site.. Improve the Site and Deliver Targeted Advertising. analyze. deliver advertisements. for any purpose related to the Site,. When we request information from you on the Site. cookies help us deliver advertisements,. questions or participate in contests, surveys or sweepstakes, information that you post on blogs, discussion forums or other community posting and social networking areas on our Site, and information that you electronically submit when you complete an online registration form to access and use certain features of our Site.. to measure Site traffic, measure user interests and traffic patterns,. ads, ad serving and ad targeting. ontact you for customer service purposes,. in order to provide you with content, services and advertising that is relevant to your geographic area.. ad serving and ad targeting. measure Site traffic, measure user interests and traffic patterns. content, services. any purpose related to the Site,. customize features. including to contact you for customer service purposes, to inform you of important changes or additions to our Site or the services offered over our Site, and to send you administrative notices and any other communications that we believe may be of interest to you.. identify how many unique users visit us, and track user trends and patterns.. inform you of important changes or additions to our Site or the services offered over our Site, and to send you administrative notices and any other communications that we believe may be of interest to you.. may be used to help measure and research an advertisement's effectiveness, or for other purposes.. in order to deliver our app services. hey also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Site where you may have entered preference information before.. advertising t": "1",
        "when you enter a sweepstakes or contest. seeking compatible advertisers, sponsors, clients and customers. for any lawful business purpose. to control the display of ads. analyzing usage trends. your online behavior and your computer, mobile or other device.. when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, complete a survey. make a purchase, subscribe to our publication(s), register for certain services, or register and/or set up an account/profile to access, visit and/or use certain portions of the Service, or the Service as a whole. social networking services. may specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location.. subscribe to our publication(s). to communicate with you about new features, products or services. any lawful business purpose. generally collects. to track usage patterns. may also automatically collect information. to otherwise administer the Service. to send you the publication. for purposes of health, safety and other matters of public interest.. if you enter an online sweepstakes, we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner.. any lawful business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers, sponsors, clients and customers. to provide you with the merchandise, product, service, and/or Content you have requested.. improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs.. we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the publication. Similarly, if you enter an online sweepstakes, we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services, and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs.. to deliver editorial content. enhance or personalize your experience on our Service.. register and/or set up an account/profile to access. communicate with you about new features, products or services,. to determine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. make a purchase, subscribe to our publication(s), register for certain services, or register and/or set up an account/profile to access, visit and/or use certain portions of the Service, or the Service as a whole,. information may be used by us. We reserve the right to use, transfer, assign, sell, share, and provide access. geographic location of you and/or your computer, mobile or other device, as well as date/time stamp,. complete a survey. including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, analyze trends, track users movements around the Service, and to otherwise administer the Service.. enter a sweepstakes or contest. for all or some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage. help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, analyze trends, track users movements around the Service, and to otherwise administer the Service.. to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs.. o otherwise administer the Service. to record registration and personalization information. In such cases, the information may be used by us and by such third party(ies), each pursuant to its own policies.. to help diagnose problems with our servers. your name, telephone number(s), email and/or street address, and other personally identifiable information.. We may use Local Device Storage for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to determine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns, to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns, the movements of individual users, and your geographic location, to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, to analyze trends, to conduct research, to deliver editorial content, to record registration and personalization information, and to otherwise administer the Service.. to provide you with the merchandise, product, service, and/or Content you have requested. personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer, mobile or other device. make a purchase. IP address. to notify you if you are a winner. the make, model, settings, specifications (e.g., CPU speed, connection speed, browser type, operating system, device identifier). subscribe to our publication(s), register for certain services, or register and/or set up an account/profile to access, visit and/or use certain portions of the Service, or the Service as a whole, you may be provided, or required to choose, a password and/or User ID, and you may provide a credit, debit, or charge card number, or other payment information, as well as your name, telephone number(s), email and/or street address, and other personally identifiable information. Other information such as your age, gender, an avatar, and the number for your mobile or other device may also be requested.. show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location.": "1",
        "ur name, address,. contact you with a reminder that you have an appointment for treatment or services at one of our facilities. run our business operations. health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you.. may. reat you in an emergency or to meet important public needs. necessary. in our Patient Directory. valuate the performance. gather. order to treat you in an emergency. health-. f you need emergency treatment or if we are required by law to treat you but are unable to obtain your general written consent. if we are unable to obtain your general written consent because of substantial communication barriers, and we believe you would want us to treat you if we could communicate with you.. identify you so that the health information is \"completely de-identified.. obtain payment. in order to conduct our business operations.. unique numbers that may identify you (such as your social security number, your phone number, or your driver's license number); and. health-related benefits and services. required by law to do s. treat your condition, collect payment for that treatment, or run our business operations.. aleida Health may also use your health information in order to recommend possible treatment alternatives or health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you.. necessary to prevent a serious and imminent threat to your health or safety, or the health or safety of another person or the public.. contact you w. variety of purposes. Kaleida Health may also use your health information in order to recommend possible treatment alternatives or health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you. improve. treat your condition, obtain payment for that treatment, and run our business operations. will. uses. information indicating that you are a patient at the hospital or receiving treatment or other health-related services from Kaleida Health; information about your health condition (such as a disease you may have); information about health care products or services you have received or may receive in the future (such as an operation); or information about your health care benefits under an insurance plan (such as whether a prescription is covered);. when necessary to prevent a serious and imminent threat to your health or safety, or the health or safety of another person or the public.. r health information. emergency or for important public needs. to meet important public needs. demographic information. law. involved in your care. research. Fundraising. in order to conduct research. treat your condition,. in order to contact you to raise money to help us operate.. f we have removed any information that has the potential to identify you so that the health information is \"completely de-identified.\". so that we may obtain payment for your health care services.. emergency treatment or if w. o help us operate. we may use your health information to evaluate the performance of our staff in caring for you, or to educate our staff on how to improve the care they provide for you. A \"general written consent,\" which Kaleida Health must obtain from you in order to use and disclose your health information in order to treat you, obtain payment for that treatment, and conduct our business operations. Kaleida Health must obtain this general written consent the first time we provide you with treatment or services. This general written consent is a broad permission that does not have to be repeated each time we provide treatment or services to you.. Requirement For Written Authorization": "0",
        "contest, promotion, or survey, or communicate with us in any other wa. learn. o communicate with you, to send you information about our products, services, contests, and promotions, and to send offers to selected groups of customers on behalf of other businesses. When we send you offer on behalf of other businesses, we never give that business your name and address. If you do not wish to receive such offers, please let us know, and we will place you on a \"do not contact\" list. We may collect personal information from you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, purchase history, credit card number, gender, birthday, and personal interests, when you visit one of the Sites or stores, place an order online or by phone, make an in-store purchase, save your information with us online, return an item to a store, contact us with a question or concern, participate in a contest, promotion, or survey, or communicate with us in any other way.. may. We receive and store any information from your visits to our Sites or that you give us in any other way.. diagnose problems with our systems. analyze our customers' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our Sites and our advertisin. to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.. provide customer service,. To analyze trends and statistics.. receive. To administer contests and other promotions.. administer the site. tailor offers and promotions to you.. gather broad demographic information about users of the Sites. To communicate with you, to send you information about our products, services, contests, and promotions, and to send offers to selected groups of customers on behalf of other businesses. When we send you offer on behalf of other businesses, we never give that business your name and address. If you do not wish to receive such offers, please let us know, and we will place you on a \"do not contact\" list.. To protect the security and integrity of the Sites and our business.. personalize. to administer the site. administer the site,. our advertising. We collect information about you in our stores and through the Sites ( lids.com, lids.ca and hatworld.com) in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to tell you about our products, services, contests and promotions.. save your information with us online, return an item to a store, contact us with a question or concern,. to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits. To help us learn more about your shopping preferences so that we can customize future shopping for you. o help us address problems with and improve our site design, products and services.. enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.. We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.. improve. storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.. romotion, or surve. To ensure we are sending our emails to the right address. To administer our loyalty programs.. diagnose problems with our systems, and administer the Sites.. To analyze trends and statistics. help to us analyze our customers' online behavior. products, services, contests and promotions. Y. analyze. demographic information about users of the Sites. administer the Sites.. also. o help identify an individual, gather broad demographic information about users of the Sites, diagnose problems with our systems, and administer the Sites.. o tell you about our products, services, contests and promotions. to analyze trends,. to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.. To help us address problems with and improve our site design, products and services.. participate in a contest, promotion, or survey, or communicate with us in any other way.. analyze trends. To process and fulfill your order, including sending you email to confirm your order status and shipment.. correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.": "1",
        "If you choose to utilize this service. If you choose to submit an application to us for pre-approved credit,. you may also check the status of your application. o improve the services we provide you. Email Cards. Request A Quote. When you select and build your choice in a vehicle, we will present you with a complete list of your choices, as well as the vehicle's suggested retail price.. American Honda's Internet services, such as the Dealer Locator and brochure requests,. complete any transactions that you enter into, including credit card processing and, for independent repair facilities, credit checks, credit services, and debt collection.. You may choose to register for a My Favorites account in order to save configurations of any model you build on the site.. Request a Brochure. If you request that we mail you a full line brochure,. This information is collected and used to generate statistics, measure site activity, and improve the usefulness of our sites.. we mail you a specific model fact sheet or brochure or a full-line brochure,. utilize this service,. when you apply for employment. eStore. Financing Tools, Apply online for Pre-Approved Credit. If you choose to submit an application to Acura Financial Services for pre-approved credit,. Request a Brochure.. Request A Quote. When you select and build your choice in a vehicle, we will present you with a complete list of your choices, as well as the vehicle's suggested retail price. We can also forward your quote to a local Honda dealer for further contact.. When you select and build your choice in a vehicle, we will present you with a complete list of your choices, as well as the vehicle's suggested retail price. We can also forward your quote to a local Acura dealer for further contact. If you choose to utilize this service,. This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your enrollment and to provide HRCA club membership services to you.. used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads. used to complete any transactions that you enter into, including credit card processing and, for independent repair facilities, credit checks, credit services, and debt collection. used to set up your account specific to your vehicle.. If you request that we mail you a brochure. You may decide that you wish to sign up to receive email newsletters on Honda environmentally responsible products technology, green dealer guideline updates, and/or other site features.. You may download the green dealer guideline. Honda Owners/Acura Owners provides access to valuable resources like maintenance schedules, roadside tips, FAQs, and account management.. Request A Quote.. Membership Enrollment and HRCA Clubhouse Registration. Email Newsletters. You may decide that you wish to sign up to receive email newsletters on a particular Honda model and site features or to receive newsletters about all new models, special promotions, and site features.. EasyPay Enrollment.. you may decide to enroll in our convenient EasyPay program and authorize AHFC to automatically withdraw scheduled monthly payments from your bank checking or savings account. In order to enroll. Financing Tools, Payment Calculators. Email Notifications. You may decide that you wish to sign up to receive email notifications on a particular Honda model(s), new products, special offers, events and more.. that we mail you a specific model brochure, a full-line brochure, or a certified pre-owned program brochure,. Request a Brochure. If you choose to request that we mail you a specific model fact sheet or brochure or a full-line brochure. you may wish to register in the HRCA Clubhouse. effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. This information is used to provide HRCA Clubhouse services to you. HRCA Clubhouse Registration. You may choose to become a registered user in order to have greater access to the Clubhouse.. Email-to-a-friend. If you wish to share information that you view on a page of this Site with a friend, we will email the web page to your friend for you.. Financing Tools, Payment Calculators. You may choose to utilize our financing calculators to get an idea as to how much it may cost you to buy or lease a new or used vehicle. used to improve the services we provide you. generate statistics, measure site activity, and improve the usefulness of our sites.. to complete any transactions that you enter into, including credit card processing and, for independent repair facilities, credit checks, credit services, and debt collection.. offers the ability to buy Acura Apparel and Merchandise online from a third party vendor, Bensussen Deutsch Associates Inc. (BDA).. You may decide that you wish to sign up to receive email notifications on a particular Honda model(s), new products, special offers, events and more.. Certificate Application for Current Offers. You may choose to apply for a personalized current offer certificate that you can bring to your local Honda motorcycle dealer and use at your time of purchase.. is used to improve the services we provide you and to provide services to you that you request. For example, if you enroll in EasyPay or Pay Online, our account payment services,. if you visit the site and wish to register, purchase products, request other information, or otherwise communicate with Honda about the products/services offered on the site.. to send electronic cards to your family or friends. Email Newsletters. My Vehicle. Honda Owners/Acura Owners provides access to valuable resources like maintenance schedules, roadside tips, FAQs, and account management.. only in a manner appropriate to process your request for pre-approved credit. Use of certain features and tools on this Site. If you choose to request that we mail you a specific model fact sheet or brochure or a full-line brochure. These files enable DoubleClick to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. our financing calculators to get an idea as to how much it may cost you to buy or lease a new or used vehicle. Using this feature will help you determine what you can afford.. receiving certain email notifications regarding the Clubhouse, HRCA updates, or other information.. to submit an application to us for pre-approved credit. To use American Honda's Internet services, such as the Dealer Locator and brochure requests, we require a certain amount of personally identifying information such as name and address to meet your request. We may use this information to identify and access data in the existing relationship we have with you to provide you with the requested services. We may request email addresses as an alternate means of contacting you.. provide the web site visitor a service. Email Notifications. This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your request for pre-approved credit. For example, we may use this information to investigate your credit, employment, and income to assist in our credit decision-making process.. Brochure Request. If you choose to request that we mail you a specific model brochure, a full-line brochure, or a certified pre-owned program brochure,. to assist us in providing customized services. We use cookies to provide you with a convenience feature to save you time and provide a more personalized experience on our site. For example, you may log on once during a visit and will be able to access multiple servers without having to log on again and again.. Financing Tools, Apply online for Pre-Approved Credit.. Credit applications. If you request brochures, we may hire a third party fulfillment company to meet your request.. This information is collected and is used only in a manner appropriate to process your request for pre-approved credit. For example, American Honda Finance Corporation (doing business as Honda Financial Services) may use this information to investigate your credit, employment, and income to assist in our credit decision-making process.. Apply for Pre-Approved Credit. If you choose to submit an application to us for pre-approved credit,. If you wish to share information that you view on a page of this Site with a friend,. We will use your email address to send you email notifications if you choose to opt-in to receiving information on Honda's newest products, special offers, events, and more. tailor advanced features, such as maintenance reminders, service records, and recall notices to you and to your specific product.. Email Cards. When visiting our vehicle web pages, at times, you may choose to send electronic cards to your family or friends.. Their use helps us determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.. If you request that we mail you any of our brochures. Certificate Application for Current Offers. If you wish to share information that you view on a page of this Site with a friend, we will email the web page to your friend for you.. in order to tailor advanced features, such as maintenance reminders, service records, and recall notices to you and to your specific product.. to apply for a personalized current offer certificate that you can bring to your local Honda motorcycle dealer and use at your time of purchase.. to enroll online in the Honda Rider's Club of America. to provide the web site visitor a service or correspondence (such as promotions and mailed brochures).. HRCA member. If you choose to submit an application to Acura Financial Services for pre-approved credit. Download the Green Dealer Guide. You may download the green dealer guideline.. Build Your Bike/Build Your ATV/Build Your PWC/Build Your MUV.. This information is collected and used only to validate your membership with us and to register you in the clubhouse.. Email Newsletters. You may decide that you wish to sign up to receive email newsletters on Honda environmentally responsible products technology, green dealer guideline updates, and/or other site features.. to provide the web site visitor a service or correspondence (such as promotions and mailed brochures). promotions and mailed brochures). You may choose to register for a My Favorites account. to send you any messages relating to the Communication Preferences you choose to set up; for example, you may choose to receive messages from us relating to \"general information about Honda Owners/Acura Owners, such as site updates.\". To use American Honda's Internet services, such as the Dealer Locator and brochure requests,. We also use the information for internal research on our user's demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand our visitor's preferences.. After you apply, you may also check the status of your application.. Request A Quote. When you select and build your choice in a motorcycle, scooter, ATV or watercraft, we will present you with a complete list of your choices.. to provide services to you that you request. Use of certain features and tools. provide you with a convenience feature to save you time and provide a more personalized experience on our site. If you request that we mail you a full line brochure. HRCA Clubhouse Registration. used to improve the services we provide you and to provide services to you that you request.. for a My Favorites account in order to save configurations of any model you build on the site. to learn about American Honda, American Honda Finance Corporation (\"AHFC\"), our product and service information, special offers and promotions, and investor information.. in order to enhance your experience on our web sites.. you may decide to enroll in our convenient EasyPay program and authorize AHFC to automatically withdraw scheduled monthly payments from your bank checking or savings account.": "0",
        "We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.. advertisements. such as. Recommended for You , personalized advertisements on other Web sites (e.g., Amazon Associates with content served by Amazon.com and Web sites using Checkout by Amazon payment service. help us identify your device for fraud prevention. responding to your requests. search for a product;. diagnostic purposes. Recommended for You. which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily. describes. and other purposes. enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements. location services. Most likely, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. For information about specific devices, click here . If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer. provide you with location-based services. in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. transferred assets.. continually improve. other purposes. credit card information. Social Security and driver's license numbers. certain types of information. add it to our account information. personalize. such purposes. such as advertising. offer certain credit or financial services to some customers. to create features. advertising. customizing future shopping for you,. We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.. business. customizing future shopping for you. help us. one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice. to provide features such as. e release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law. resolve all complaints. our account informatio. search results. e most such information. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits. personalize and continually improve your Amazon experience.. for commercial purposes. name, address, and phone numbers. create features like Top Sellers. As a result of those actions,. 1-Click purchasing. to enable our systems to recognize your device. make e-mails more useful and interesting. to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.. and to provide features such as 1-Click purchasing. personalized advertisements on other Web sites. personalized content. storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits. \"cookies,\". The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Amazon experience.. o measure and collect session information. communicating with you. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.. for fraud prevention. location-based services,. send offers. Gather. use": "1",
        "Enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion;. may. you use to access or interact with our services. Make a purchase;. (a) store your username and password. To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services;. ontrol the advertising displayed by the Services. For the purposes for which you provided it;. determine whether the message has been opened. collect. For the purposes for which you provided it; To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us; To send you alerts or other communications via SMS messages or other media or networks;. Download or use one of our mobile applications;. We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non-personal information, including: (a) information related to the devices you use to access or interact with our services. account. we collect. To attribute content that you make available through the Services;. To send you alerts or other communications via SMS messages or other media or networks. customize the Services with location-based information. advertising. and may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information, advertising, and features. For example, if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in Chicago, the Services may be customized with Chicago-specific information and advertisements. To notify you about new features of the Services, special events, or products, services, and special offers; To administer sweepstakes and contests;. We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information does not identify you.. ustomize the Services to your preferences;. store your username and password;. To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services;. customize the Services to your preferences. Services;. SNS account. To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services; and. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browsers toolbar.. information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services, such as: referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Services, and other similar information. We may also capture other data, such as search criteria and results. In some cases, we will associate this information with a unique Tribune identifier (that cannot be used by itself to identify you) for our internal use, in which case your Tribune identifier will be considered Tribune information and nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts how Tribune may use this information.. advertisers. nalyze the usage of our sites and Services;. To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services; and To administer and troubleshoot the Services.. information that the SNS shares with us. To administer sweepstakes and contests;. Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies, and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies. To learn more about how to manage flash cookies, you can visit the Adobe website and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel.. nalyze the usage of our sites and Services. We may also combine. For example, if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in Chicago, the Services may be customized with Chicago-specific information and advertisements.. To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Service usage patterns; To analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability, or popularity of the Services;. purposes for which you provided it;. To contact you with information that we believe will be of interest to you;. We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information does not identify you. To analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability, or popularity of the Services; To improve the content and features of the Services or develop new Services;. Enter registration information for one or more of our Services; Enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion; Participate in voting or polling activities; Make a purchase; Request certain features (e.g., newsletters, updates, and other products); Sign up to receive SMS (text message) notifications; Download or use one of our mobile applications; Connect with the Services or otherwise allow us to access certain information about you via a social networking site (SNS); or Post user-generated content to or on any of our Services.. control the advertising displayed by the Services. To administer and troubleshoot the Services.. advertising,. (b) analyze the usage of our sites and Services. in which you interact with the Service. We may also combine information that we collect from you with information we obtain about you from third parties and Affiliates and information derived from any other subscription, product, or service we provide.. To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Service usage patterns;. customize the Services with location-based information, advertising, and features.. We may collect and store your user ID associated with a SNS account that you use to sign in to your Tribune account or connect or use with the Services.. use": "1",
        "to advise users of new online materials, activities, and events, and to provide users with the opportunity to contribute to local and national programs and research initiatives.. to provide users with the opportunity to contribute to local and national programs and research initiatives.. Food Allergy Research & Education also uses this personal information to advise users of new online materials, activities, and events,. to remember the user's name. visitors to our site. is used solely as internal market research to help us better serve you.. that help us better advertise. visitors. advertise our mission, programs, and events to potential visitors and to improve the functionality of the website and the experience for those who use our site. demographic analysis. in order to remember the user's name. internal market research to help us better serve you.. to improve the functionality of the website. The purpose of collecting such data is to assist FARE in contacting individuals and to collect payments made online.. to allow us to track which other websites have linked visitors to our site, what pages of our site are used by and are of interest to those visitors, and to link to information those visitors provide to Food Allergy Research & Education when they donate or sign up to take part in our programs and events.. better advertise our mission, programs, and events to potential visitors. in order to register him or her in Food Allergy Research & Education activities such as school programs or contests.. inform volunteers and donors of new materials, and activities and events that offer the opportunity to contribute to local and national programs and research initiatives.. to improve the functionality of the website and the experience for those who use our site.. assist FARE in contacting individuals and to collect payments made online.. to improve the functionality of the website and the experience for those who use our site. Food Allergy Research & Education uses this personal information to inform volunteers and donors of new materials, and activities and events that offer the opportunity to contribute to local and national programs and research initiatives.. The purpose of collecting such data is to assist FARE in contacting individuals and to collect payments made online": "1",
        "if you wish to purchase a product or subscribe to any publication or service offered via these sites.. as a condition of participating in contests, promotions, or sweepstakes offered via these websites. (iii) when you enter personal information on one of our websites as a condition of participating in contests, promotions, or sweepstakes offered via these websites;. to evaluate and administer our products and services, respond to any problems that may arise, such as magazine delivery failures, difficulties in navigating our sites or accessing certain features. which of our features you like best. to assess consumer behavior and to understand how we can better serve our customers. for analytic purposes.. as well as to gauge user trends to determine what products and services are most popular with users. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information. to allow you to make product purchases, to fulfill your requests. automotive-related websites and wish to receive a quote from an automotive lender that is part of the sites automotive lender network.. purchase of a product, publication, or service. specializing in behavioral marketing and consumer behavior. promotional offers related to TEN or our business partners. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information,. you wish to purchase a product or subscribe to any publication or service offered via these sites. (i) when you subscribe to one of our magazines or place an order (see the section below for more information on subscriptions and orders). to send you promotional offers related to TEN or our business partners. This helps facilitate your online experience at our websites.. if such consumers use one of our automotive-related websites and wish to receive a quote from an automotive lender that is part of the sites automotive lender network.. facilitate your online experience at our websites. and to put you in touch with fulfillment partners who can provide services that we cannot. or (iv) when you wish to have a product or service fulfilled by a fulfillment partner who can meet the continuing needs of our customers.. See Sections IV and V of this Privacy Policy for more detail on cookies, web beacons, and other information collected automatically by our websites. and to put you in touch with fulfillment partners who can provide services that we cannot.. and also enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. promotional e-mail messages. in a variety of situations. product purchases, to fulfill your requests, improve our publications, products and services,. about the usage of our websites and to track the number of users who have opened and acted up our promotional e-mail messages. evaluate and administer our products and services, respond to any problems that may arise, such as magazine delivery failures, difficulties in navigating our sites or accessing certain features, as well as to gauge user trends to determine what products and services are most popular with users. improve our publications, products and services,. If you wish to subscribe to one of our publications or place an order for products or services online,. assist us in tracking which of our features you like best, and also enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. to operate our business. (ii) when you register at one of our websites in connection with the purchase of a product, publication, or service;. when you wish to have a product or service fulfilled by a fulfillment partner who can meet the continuing needs of our customers.. to serve some or all of the advertisements": "0",
        "Analyze how customers use our website and applications Develop new services. identify the location of an accident you are reporting. We gather personal information from you. referring/exit pages,. we gather. browser type, internet service provider (ISP),. any personally identifiable information. your driving record, claims history,. In the course of normal business activities. for business purposes.. We also collect information. medical information. Know how many visitors have seen or clicked on our ads. Evaluate our marketing campaigns. aggregated usage. we gather certain information automatically. for business purposes. Evaluate our marketing campaigns Analyze how customers use our website and applications Develop new services Know how many visitors have seen or clicked on our ads. to provide you with a more customized service. We use your location information to search for information you request - including agent searches identify the location of an accident you are reporting. search for information you request - including agent searches. allow us to provide you with a more customized service and are used to track and measure Web site usage. This information may be used to manage and customize our Web site's content, layout, and services in order to improve our site, enhance customer service, and provide tailored messages.. to enable the Feature to function properly. credit information. to help us provide users with a better service. search for information you request - including agent searches identify the location of an accident you are reporting. to send you promotional communications about products, features, and options that we believe may be of interest to you.. send you promotional communications about products, features, and options that we believe may be of interest to you. more customized web experience.. to help manage and optimize our online advertising.. how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.. to track and measure Web site usage": "0",
        "These tags help us track information about your visit and are used to deliver banner advertisements to you on the Internet.. unless legally required.. and identifying system performance or problem areas.. Texas Public Information Act.. Type of web browser being used. Information we gather. we may be compelled by Open Records law to release information.. create profiles of users. Cookies are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends and customer behavior. actively share personal information gathered from our Web servers.. we may be compelled by Open Records law to release information. we do not share or sell information unless solicited. content adjustments and customer service improvements are made based on the data derived from cookies. Internet address of computer being used. deliver banner advertisements to you on the Internet.. to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested.. No personally identifiable information is collected. in some cases we may be compelled by Open Records law to release information.. any information that could reasonably be used to identify you as \"personally identifying information.\". for any purpose other than to respond to you.. unless. does not. Tracking pixels redeliver advertising and notifications through 3rd party vendors.. Cookies are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends and customer behavior, as well as to record other information from the website. Many content adjustments and customer service improvements are made based on the data derived from cookies.. Web pages requested Referring web page Date and time. information is collected. create summary statistics which are used for purposes such as assessing what information is of most interest to users, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. Information collected. to create summary statistics which are used for purposes such as assessing what information is of most interest to users, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.. does not retain. respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested. will not be used. used to deliver banner advertisements to you on the Internet.": "0",
        ", or to take advantage of special offers, like a contest or a sweepstakes.. Technical information about your computer or mobile device (such as type of device, web browser or operating system). We use pixel tags to measure the popularity of our features and services. The URL of the last web page you visited before coming to one of our sites The words you have looked up and results you selected The ads you clicked on How long you visited our sites or used our apps and which services and features you used For app users, the online or offline status of Your app. You may choose to open an account and if you are age 13 or older, provide us with information in order to use certain services or products, like Dictionary.com Premium or Word Dynamo, or to take advantage of special offers, like a contest or a sweepstakes.. Your mobile device's geographic location (specific geographic location if you've enabled collection of that information, or general geographic location automatically. may. tracking technologies. use it to facilitate and improve our services. are used only for providing you the services you requested upon creating your account.. and use it to facilitate and improve our services.. messages. popularity of our features and service. detect and prevent fraud.. collect. facilitate. We, as well as other companies, use tracking technologies to collect and store data about your computer or mobile device and your activities on our sites and apps.. to allow you to log in to your account, send you confirmations (of your registration, purchase, etc.), and to send you messages as part of our services.. credit card information. log in to your account, send you confirmations (of your registration, purchase, etc.),. You may choose to open an account and if you are age 13 or older, provide us with information in order to use certain services or products, like Dictionary.com Premium or Word Dynamo. improve our services. diagnose. used only for providing you the services you requested upon creating your account.. improve our service. choose to register using your Facebook account i. facilitate and improve our services. take advantage of special offers, like a contest or a sweepstakes.. store your preferences a. improve. track your use of our sites.. We do this to store your preferences and track your use of our app. track your use of our sites. to recognize you. We do this to store your preferences. ter understand our users. make special offers (like sweepstakes),. send you SMS messages that you've requested. offers. to send you SMS messages that you've requested.. process your purchases. and track user activities (such as how many times a page is viewed). We use pixel tags to measure the popularity of our features and services.. se certain services or products. ads. sell and display ads that may be relevant to you. detect. provide. track your use of our apps.. e do this to store your preferences. When you visit our sites and use our apps, we automatically collect and store information about your computer or mobile device and your activities. This information includes:. your preferences. purchases. customize services for you (such as by remembering your preferences),. to process your purchases. do not. diagnose and fix problem. computer's IP address. use": "1",
        "allow us to monitor the use of the Services. advertisements. By using the applications\" location based services, you authorize us to: (a) locate your hardware; (b) record, compile and display your location;. to provide you the services accessed through our applications. to help us improve the Services by analyzing and estimating our traffic and use of features on the Services.. , however, you wish to register to become a member of the Services. o help us understand how our users use the Services. to help us understand how our users use the Services. access time, the Web page you came from, the URL you go to next, and the Web page(s) that you access during your visit.. to provide offers and information of interest to you.. or when you enter promotions. use them in combination with our cookies to provide offers and information of interest to you.. to diagnose problems with our servers and software, to administer the Services. in order to assist us and our service providers in better understanding the interests of our users and to better serve those interests.. We may set and access cookies on your computer. Upon your first visit to the Services, a cookie is sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browse. in order to provide such location-based services to you.. browser and computer type. member. to provide useful features for their users. to send you administrative messages relating to the Services. to gather demographic information. will. that allow us to monitor the use of the Services.. GPS assisted navigation instruction, wireless tower location, triangulation or other available location technologies). We use your Personal Information to fulfill your requests for products and services, to improve our Services. to diagnose problems with our servers and software, to administer the Services,. to contact you regarding any goods or services you have ordered.. You may also choose to submit additional information about yourself (for example your gender, birth date, or zip code) by which someone could not personally identify you (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as \"Non-Personal Information\" ).. to contact you from time to time about us, and our products and services. (d) to help us improve the Services by analyzing and estimating our traffic and use of features on the Services.. c) to display the most appropriate advertisements, based on your interests and activity on our Services;. to track your preferences. better understanding the interests of our users and to better serve those interests. monitor the use of the Services. to display the most appropriate advertisements. register to become a member. you will not be able to sign in to the Services or take full advantage of our Services.. to provide such location-based services. As part of the applications. for the following general purposes. to fulfill your requests for products and services. We may also collect. to improve our Services. so we can provide you with your personalized content. In order to serve offers and advertisements that may be interest to our users,. to monitor the use of the Services. IP address. (a) to track your preferences, such as the address or local zip code you enter; (b) to access your information when you sign in so we can provide you with your personalized content; (. understand how our users use the Services. diagnose problems with our servers and software, to administer the Services, and to gather demographic information.": "1",
        "may. make a purchase, subscribe to our publication(s), register for certain services, or register and/or set up an account/profile to access, visit and/or use certain portions of the Service,. We use Tracking Technologies for all or some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage.. ncluding without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers,. to deliver editorial content,. ed to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location.. to control the display of ads. If you choose to access, visit and/or use any third party social networking service(s) that may be integrated with the Service,. he make, model, settings, specifications (e.g., CPU speed, connection speed, browser type, operating system,. to gather broad demographic information, analyze trends, track users' movements around the Service,. f you enter an online sweepstake. uch as analyzing usage trends. specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location.. hen you enter a sweepstakes or contest,. ate/time stamp, IP address, pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, the site(s), application(s), destination(s), and/or service(s) you arrived from, and other clickstream data.. to gather broad demographic information, analyze trends,. o control the display of ads. seeking compatible advertisers, sponsors, clients and customers.. diagnose problems with our servers,. when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, complete a survey, make a purchase, subscribe to our publication(s), register for certain services, or register and/or set up an account/profile to access, visit and/or use certain portions of the Service, or the Service as a whole, you may be provided, or required to choose, a password and/or User ID, and you may provide a credit, debit, or charge card number, or other payment information, as well as your name, telephone number(s), email and/or street address, and other personally identifiable information. Other information such as your age, gender, an avatar, and the number for your mobile or other device may also be requested. In addition, you may be asked to send us similar information via messaging (e.g., email, SMS, MMS, or other technologies). All such information shall be referred to in this Privacy Policy as your Registration Information.. or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service.. may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services. seeking compatible advertiser. We may use Local Device Storage for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation. gather broad demographic information. Your decision to use a social networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary. sponsors, clients and customers. effectiveness of marketing campaigns. o deliver editorial content. personalization informatio. collects. nalyzing usage trend. to provide you with the merchandise, product, service, and/or Content you have requested.. for any lawful business purpose.. o help diagnose problems with our servers,. so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the publication.. help diagnose problems with our servers,. clients and customers.. ermine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. personalization. therwise administer the Service.. to track usage patterns, the movements of individual users, and your geographic location. e may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services, and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs.. device identifier. For example. may at times be able to identify you, for any lawful business purpose,. health, safety and other matters in the public interest.. ads. geographic location of you and/or your computer,. to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs.. for purposes of health, safety and other matters in the public interest.. track usage patterns, the movements of individual users, and your geographic location. to deliver editorial content, to record registration. including information about your contacts on those services. In addition to Local Device Storage, we may use web beacons, web bugs, clear gifs, and similar technologies (collectively, together with Local Device Storage, the \"Tracking Technologies\"). We use Tracking Technologies for all or some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage.. Service as a whole. to help diagnose problems with our servers. Registration Information. to track usage patterns, the movements of individual users, and your geographic location,. o help diagnose problems with our servers. use, transfer, assign, sell, share, and provide access. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services,. Our servers may also automatically collect information about you, your online behavior and your computer, mobile or other device. The information collected may include, without limitation, the make, model, settings, specifications (e.g., CPU speed, connection speed, browser type, operating system, device identifier) and geographic location of you and/or your computer, mobile or other device, as well as date/time stamp, IP address, pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, the site(s), application(s), destination(s), and/or service(s) you arrived from, and other clickstream data.. nd/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs.. supply through the Service to provide you with the merchandise, product, service, and/or Content you have requested. some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage.": "1",
        "you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address,. we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.. remember and process the items in your shopping cart. We collect information from you. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.. we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.. Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.. When ordering or registering on our site. place an order or enter information on our site.. credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.. ordering or registering on our site,. AdSense. To quickly process your transactions.": "0",
        "hen you sign-up to subscribe to a service, a newsletter, or ask to be added to our mailing lists for other products or services;. special offers, updated information and new products and services from The Hill.. enhance your experience at the Site,. special offers and products and services f. hat is needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers.. targeted advertising. collect. not. to enhance your experience at the Site, and, if applicable, to enhance your experience as a subscriber to The Hill's products and services.. provide products and services to you. may be used to provide products and services to you,. special offers and products and services. to notify you of special offers, updated information and new products and services from The Hill.. The Site also collects information through the use of \"cookies.\" Cookies are small text files that a website can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of a website, allow the site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If you do not want information collected from you through our use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature. (1) when you register on the Site and when you later log-on with your user name and password; (2) when you sign-up to subscribe to a service, a newsletter, or ask to be added to our mailing lists for other products or services; (3) when you place an order for products or services; (4) when you participate in a promotional offer; (5) when you provide feedback in an online survey; (6) when you submit other content and suggestions.. when you participate in a promotional offer;. rovide products and services to you,. In each of the instances above, we typically ask for some or all of the following information: your full name, e-mail address, phone number, physical mailing address, the type of business you are in, product preference information, any applicable identification number or password that we may require, as well as other similar information that is needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers.. needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers.. 1) when you register on the Site and when you later log-on with your user name and password; (2) when you sign-up to subscribe to a service, a newsletter, or ask to be added to our mailing lists for other products or services; (3) when you place an order for products or services; (4) when you participate in a promotional offer; (5) when you provide feedback in an online survey; (6) when you submit other content and suggestions.. We may collect and use. hen you register on the Site and when you later log-on with your user name and password;. to notify you of special offers and products and services from The Hill and/or from third parties that we think may be of interest to you.. recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of a website,. that is needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers. allow the site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. We may collect and use non-personally identifiable information and data from you when you are visiting the Site through the standard operation of our Internet servers. Non-personally identifiable information collected from you may include user Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, domain names, and anonymous statistical data regarding your use of the Site.": "1",
        "and your geographic location.. to attribute your comments, letters to the editor and/or other submissions to the Site to you.. Miami New Times does serve cookies to track individual site usage for later aggregation and for other purposes explained in this policy.. Personally identifiable information. for other purposes explained in this policy.. personally identifiable. to send newsletters and text messages that you have opted to receive. to attribute your comments, letters to the editor and/or other submissions to the Site to you. As has traditionally been the case with our print editions, we may require that you supply certain information to us (such as your real name, daytime telephone number and/or e-mail address) in connection with comments and other submissions to the Site. That is because we may need to contact you, and because your identity may be important to understand your point of view. If you send us comments or other submissions, we reserve the right to publish them in print or display them on this Site in full or in edited form. We normally honor requests to withhold your name and address when provided in connection with comments and other submissions, both in print and on-line, but we reserve the right to use, discuss and report facts that we consider newsworthy relating to submissions even if it might reveal or tend to reveal the poster's identity.. promotions and information about the Site, Miami New Times and our partners.. targeted advertisements. to track how our visitors use the Site, study traffic patterns, and run and maintain the site,. register for or participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions, polls, surveys, newsletters and text messages (including contests, sweepstakes, promotions, polls, surveys, newsletters and text messages of certain third parties).. end you advertisements,. report aggregate information (such as how many visitors we have and how many visitors see and click on particular advertisements).. promotions and information about the Site,. Advertising. to send newsletters and text messages that you have opted to receive;. attribute your comments, letters to the editor and/or other submissions to the Site to you. for the purpose of gathering data.. to contact you regarding contests, promotions, polls, and surveys;. in order to identify our best customers, reach them effectively, understand their interests and best manage our relationships with them.. to administer. for the purpose or purposes for which it is provided and for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.. promotions and information about the Site, Miami New Times and our partners. to track how our visitors use the Site, study traffic patterns,. the site that you visited before viewing our Site, content viewed on the Site,. to administer and analyze our Site. Miami New Times does serve cookies to track individual site usage. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but you may not be able to take full advantage of our Site's features if you do.. We currently use,. other purposes explained in this policy. For example, we may collect and maintain personally identifiable information about you when you register for or participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions, polls, surveys, newsletters and text messages (including contests, sweepstakes, promotions, polls, surveys, newsletters and text messages of certain third parties). We may also collect and maintain personally identifiable information when you post an ad, submit comments to the Site or letters to the editor, submit events for inclusion on our Site,. study traffic patterns. Online Behavioral Advertising. Miami New Times may tailor advertisements on the Site to a user's apparent interests,. but you may not be able to take full advantage of our Site's features if you do.. purchase event tickets from us, or otherwise provide it to us when you contact us.. We do not and cannot. which provide website operators and third parties a means to deliver a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of gathering data.. Miami New Times may tailor advertisements on the Site to a user's apparent interests, based on user browsing activity. That is, ads may be displayed for you on the Site based on the pages and content that you view. This is sometimes known as first-party online behavioral advertising.. run and maintain the site. to send you advertisements,. to administer and analyze our Site and report aggregate information (such as how many visitors we have and how many visitors see and click on particular advertisements).. We currently use, or may use, such information in various ways:. purpose of gathering data. for the purpose or purposes for which it is provided and for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may maintain and use personally identifiable information to send newsletters and text messages that you have opted to receive; to establish your online account and recognize you when you return to the Site; to contact you regarding contests, promotions, polls, and surveys; to complete the sale of event tickets; to provide customer support; or to otherwise communicate with you regarding our Site, an ad you posted, an event you submitted to the Site, or your comments or letters to the editor.. provide targeted advertisements to you based on such data.. We collect. to complete the sale of event tickets; to provide customer support; or to otherwise communicate with you regarding our Site, an ad you posted, an event you submitted to the Site, or your comments or letters to the editor.. to establish your online account and recognize you when you return to the Site;. We do not. collected by our web server (which may be hosted by a third party) that your web browser makes available whenever you visit our Site, such as your browser type and capabilities, network properties,. analyze our Site. regarding contests, promotions, polls, and surveys;": "1",
        "information for our internal marketing and demographic studies. demographic studies. viewed certain advertisements.. We also may use \"cookies\" and other passive technologies including clear gifs to collect certain non-personal information from you in connection with your use of the Online Services, such as the pages you visit and the features you use. Our cookies are linked to personal information.. provide you with access to our services. may. use of the Online Services. technical suppor. access. Registration for Online Services, websites, jobs, products, contests, and special events;. typically used to quickly identify a user's computer, browser, or device and to \"remember\" things about prior visits (such as the user's use of various features on the service). to fulfill \"tell a friend\" requests,. use an application on a Social Networking Site. send you promotional materials. rovide you with access to our services, to fulfill product orders, to ful. Some of our Online Services allow you to link your account to SNS services like Facebook and Twitter. Certain membership information may be transferred automatically to the Company when you link your Online Service membership with SNS account, such as your friends list.. regardless of registration we may nonetheless publish gameplay boards and multiplayer match records that contain certain information as a result of your use of the products, such as your player ID.. emographic and non-personal information about you or your systems, such as your age, gender, date of birth, zip code,. When you use Facebook Connect, OpenID or another multisite ID to log in to an Online Service. purpose of responding to your questions and/or comments or to provide customer support.. he Company uses this information to send you promotional materials. internal marketing and demographic studies. When you use products or services on internet-capable hardware,. may also. to respond to questions or technical problems. personalize. marketing. In addition, please note that we may hire vendors (agents or contractors) to collect personal information on our behalf. he Company may also keep track of IP addresses used to access its Online Services for various reasons.. If you use, purchase, or register for an Online Service through a third-party service. statistics. promotional materials. demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the Online Services we provide you. Information about gameplay. The Company uses cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking devices for certain Online Services to collect information that is not personal.. When you use an application on a Social Networking Site (\"SNS\"). When you use products or services on internet-capable hardware, the Company may receive information regarding your gameplay without any additional notice to you or actions taken by you.. Using \"tell a friend,\" \"email this page,\" or other E-Card features;. improve. When you play certain software products published by the Company, information about your gameplay may be collected and transmitted to the Company through network services or any other internet connection method used by the hardware on which you play such games (collectively and individually your \"Internet Connection\"). See \"What Gameplay Information Does the Company Collect?\" below for further details.. mall files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site.. advertisement. service design, technical support,. uses. e also use these log file entries for our internal marketing,. Beacons. f you use, purchase, or register for an Online Service through a third-party service such as a gaming console's network service, an internet based gaming service, or a social network website, or request that we associate a Company account with a third-party service account,. Requesting technical support;. ervice design, technical support,. demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the Online Services we provide you.. when you register to join an Online Service from a third-party gaming network system or link your Online Service membership with a third-party service. Registration for Online Services, websites, jobs, products, contests, and special events; Subscribing to newsletters or alerts; Posting in or commenting on our message boards, forums, news blogs, chat rooms, or other Online Services; Purchasing a product or services through our online stores; Purchasing DLC, virtual items, or virtual currency for use with our software and/or Online Services; Using \"tell a friend,\" \"email this page,\" or other E-Card features; Requesting technical support; Downloading demos, programs, or other software; Participating in polls, surveys, and questionnaires; or Otherwise through use of our software, including console products, mobile products, and personal computer products, and through the use of our online products or Online Services where personal information is required for use and/or participation.. service design, technical support. Your participation in tournaments or other online game events. The Company may also keep track of IP addresses used to access its Online Services for various reasons. An IP address is a number that is used by a networked device and will identify your point of connection to the internet. Depending on your network configuration, it may also identify your computer, or other device. A MAC address or other device ID identifies one specific piece of hardware. These log files are tied to your personal information in certain circumstances, such as if you have linked your console user account to Online Service accounts offered by the Company.. egarding your usage of its games for internal purposes.. We only use the information for the purpose of responding to your questions and/or comments or to provide customer support. I. used to remember the site's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site. llow you to link your account to SNS services lik. collected. When you use a third-party authentication service or link your Company account with a third-party account, y. When you use a third-party authentication service or link your Company account with a third-party account,. Subscribing to newsletters or alerts;. to provide you with access to our services, to fulfill product orders, to fulfill \"tell a friend\" requests. authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us to pre-populate our sign up form. Online Service. in connection with the activities listed above. that allows websites to count users who have visited certain pages. ther information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the products and services we provide you and to better meet your needs.. oftware products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played o. We only use the information for the purpose of responding to your questions and/or comments or to provide customer support.. internal marketing. ccepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings. d certain pages or viewed certain advertisements": "1",
        "in connection with the use of Valves products, services and online sites.. information about Valve, including news about product updates, contests, events,. lves products, services and sites may employ cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and pixel tags. Cookies are bits of electronic information that can be transferred to a user's hard drive to customize a person's use of a product or online site, keep records of a user's access to an online site or product, or store information needed by the user on a regular basis. Use. This authorization key is used to identify a user as valid and allow access to Valve's products, services and third party games. This key is necessary for Valve to supply any products and services subscribed by users.. in connection with the users use of Steam and Valve software.. account. o send them information about Valve, including news about product updates, contests, events, and other promotional materials,. deliver, develop and improve products, content and services, to which users have subscribed, and to answer users requests. analytic tools. send. collects. or certain products and services. improve. Valves products, services and sites may employ cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and pixel tags. Cookies are bits of electronic information that can be transferred to a user's hard drive to customize a person's use of a product or online site, keep records of a user's access to an online site or product, or store information needed by the user on a regular basis.. to identify a user as valid and allow access to Valve's products, services and third party games.. customize. When you create a Steam account. analyze. This cookie allows you to move from page to page without having to sign in again on each page.. customize a person's use of a product or online site,. Valves products, services and sites may employ cookies and other technologies such as web beacons and pixel tags. Cookies are bits of electronic information that can be transferred to a user's hard drive to customize a person's use of a product or online site, keep records of a user's access to an online site or product, or store information needed by the user on a regular basis. Use. Valve software automatically generates and submits to Valve bug reports upon a crash or other fault in the Valve software, services or Steam games.. by creating a Steam account. When you create a Steam account,. nalyze and produce statistics related to the habits, usage patterns, and demographics of users as a group or as individual. by creating a Steam account, by purchasing or selling subscriptions, or during any exchange with Valve in connection with the use of their Steam account.. deliver. develop and improve products, content and services. analyze and produce statistics related": "1",
        "advertisements. may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past.. o understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in.. may. understand. recognize you by name when you return to our site, to save your password in password-protected areas, to enable shopping carts, or to tailor content or product and service offerings).. ulfill requests for our publications, products or services, to respond to inquiries about offerings. communicate. that want to market products or services to you.. o receive products and services. such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes, when we make changes to subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account.. we can provide you with relevant content.. engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes, playing games, taking quizzes, voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion; subscribe to one of our services, such as newsletters; or participate in one of our online forums or communities.. offer you products, programs, or services.. to qualify you for free business magazines.. products. improve the design and content of our publications and websites. We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our web pages or use our applications, such as the type of browser and operating system you are using, your IP address, your device identifiers, your Internet or wireless service provider, and location-based information.. how. Local shared objects, such as .Flash cookies,. also may be stored on your computer or device.. manage our Services. for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content.. advertising. http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.. such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes. to enable us to customize your Internet experience. such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors. To enhance your experience on our Services, we may place \"cookies\" on your computer or device.. how they can be improved, and to customize them for our users.. sweepstakes. to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you.. provide an interactive experience.. your Internet or wireless service provider,. improve. may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past. We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates.. to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products, programs or services that may be of interest. to analyze site usage. improved. fer you products, programs, or services.. engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested.. equest by you for an online newsletter. to fulfill requests for our publications, products or services, to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products, programs or services that may be of interest.. analyze. Your personally identifiable information may be required to engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested.. To enhance your experience on our Services. nable shopping carts. These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf. These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you, and relate your Service usage information to other information about you, including your personal information.. to offer other products, programs or services that may be of interest.. advertising metrics, such as counting page views, promotion views, or advertising responses. At some Time Inc. sites and through certain promotions,. to understand usage of the Services. promotion. at want to market products or services to you.. advertising metrics,. that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content. However, your viewing of editorial content may be hampered. If you wish to block cookies, go to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ to find out how, or check your browser.s instructions. promotion views,. to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you.. metrics, such as counting page views. erify your identity. nd through certain promotions. customize them for our users.. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, or services.. ngage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes, playing games, taking quizzes, voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion;. will not use. IP address. ime Inc. sites sometimes may offer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, editorial features, or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties. to personalize your experience on our Services. counting page views. we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records. as well as to offer you products, programs, or services. enhance our ability to market to you those product": "1",
        "Administer sweepstakes, contests, promotions or surveys and provide appropriate notifications; Communicate with you about special offers, events, or new products or services that may be of interest to you;. we automatically collect. receive promotional communications. o offer, provide and improve products and services.. to administer our business. This information may be used to provide certain device or application functionality or to offer, provide and improve products and services.. in order to use such feature or functionality.. determine the effectiveness of some of our and our third party partners' marketing efforts and communications;. to us to help us locate products for you.. egarding your interaction with Barnes & Noble Websites, Devices and Apps,. as necessary for our business. speed navigation, keep track of items in your shopping bag and provide you with content that is tailored to you;. provide you with a superior customer experience and, as necessary, to administer our businesses.. may collect i. providing marketing support. customer authentication,. ite analytics regarding our websites, information your Internet browser automatically sends when you visit our websites, and information collected by cookies.. determine the effectiveness of some of our and our third party partners' marketing efforts and communications. display associated content and advertising. we will store and use this information to administer the programs and services in which you choose to participate. we can direct payments to you.. with a particular focus on the items and programs that may be of most interest to you.. a service or feature that is co-branded. we may receive and collect certain personal information automatically, as outlined in Section 3(b) of this Privacy Policy, including site analytics regarding our websites, information your Internet browser automatically sends when you visit our websites, and information collected by cookies.. as necessary, to administer our businesses.. This information may be used to provide certain device or application functionality. If you rent, purchase or otherwise place orders for textbooks or e-textbooks from Barnes & Noble College Booksellers. This will enable you to download or stream movies or television shows from us that you have purchased from us from such third parties.. Making a purchase or placing an order Creating an account or joining the Member Loyalty Program Applying for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard Using specific features of Barnes & Noble Websites, Devices and Apps Contacting customer service Additional Barnes & Noble Website, Device or App Features Interacting with social networking sites Entering a sweepstakes or contest Publishing through NOOK Press Signing up for promotional communications or using Invite-a-Friend or NOOK Press Collaborator emails. to administer the programs and services in which you choose to participate. marketing. When you contact customer service, we may ask you to provide, or confirm, personal information so that we can better serve you.. We may collect. Conduct research and perform analysis in order to measure, maintain, protect, develop and improve our products and services;. determine the effectiveness of some of our and our third party partners' marketing efforts and communications; and (4) monitor the total number of visitors, pages viewed, and the total number of banners displayed.. to offer, provide and improve products and services.. Communicate with you about special offers, events, or new products or services that may be of interest to you;. Depending on how you choose to interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise. Creating an account or joining the Member Loyalty Program Applying for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard Using specific features of Barnes & Noble Websites, Devices and Apps Contacting customer service Additional Barnes & Noble Website, Device or App Features Interacting with social networking sites Entering a sweepstakes or contest Publishing through NOOK Press Signing up for promotional communications or using Invite-a-Friend or NOOK Press Collaborator emails. as necessary for our business.. marketing efforts. Minors under the age of 13 consistent. Making a purchase or placing an order. you may be able to access our goods and services using a Microsoft account without first having to create a password protected Barnes & Noble account.. provide you with easy access to our products and services, with a particular focus on the items and programs that may be of most interest to you. Administer sweepstakes, contests, promotions or surveys and provide appropriate notifications;. When you make a purchase, rent or place an order in our stores, place an order online or purchase, download, rent or stream books, periodicals, movies, television shows and other digital content (\"Digital Content\"). egarding the links within such marketing materials that you click on and purchase statistics regarding items you buy following receipt of such marketing.. to administer the programs and services in which you choose to participate, and as permitted by this Privacy Policy.. and otherwise as permitted by this Privacy Policy. to use such feature or functionality.. when you enroll in our Member Loyalty Program,. We use this information to monitor the usage of the Barnes & Noble Websites and as necessary for our business.. so that we can provide these to you.. as necessary, to administer our business. collection. Depending on how you choose to interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise, we may collect personal information from you, for example your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, phone number, credit card or bank account information, date of birth and other persistent identifiers that can be used to personally identify you.. Make communications necessary to notify you regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues; and. we may collect. Provide you with products, services and information across the Barnes & Noble enterprise, including product and subject recommendations and other information in Barnes & Noble retail stores, through emails from our businesses, and on the Barnes & Noble Websites and online interactive communities, your Devices, Digital Content, Apps and software, and display associated content and advertising; Administer our programs; Provide customer service in stores, by telephone and online;. us locate products for you. We may collect personal information and other information about you from business partners, contractors and other third parties. This includes, but is not limited to, instances in which you affirmatively authorize third parties to provide us with information.. If you link your account with us to your UltraViolet account, we may collect information regarding UltraViolet-enabled movies and television shows you have purchased from third party retailers.. a sweepstakes or contest we offer. Customize and enhance the Barnes & Noble Websites and advertising; Make communications necessary to notify you regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues; and Manage our business.. generate such emails.. Applying for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard. accoun. providing our services to you and your college or university, sending postal mail and email, fulfilling orders, removing repetitive or unnecessary information from customer lists,. emember information you gave us so that you do not have to re-enter it;. so that we can direct payments to you.. By clicking on 'Email' or 'Find friends from contacts' on your Device, customers can email a link to a friend which will invite the friend to view the Barnes & Noble Website page or attend the event described on that page.. removing repetitive or unnecessary information from customer lists,. communicate with you about special offers, promotions, and other marketing programs and news that may be of interest to you.. keep track of items in your shopping bag and provide you with content that is tailored to you. Our Devices and Apps may provide you with the ability to enter (directly, or by authorizing us to download the information from a third party such as a social networking site or application) personal information such as contacts or lists of friends.. a superior customer experience. We use this information to monitor the usage of the Barnes & Noble Websites. superior customer experience. marketing.. rovide you with products, services and information across the Barnes & Noble enterprise, including product and subject recommendations and other information in Barnes & Noble retail stores, through emails from our businesses, and on the Barnes & Noble Websites and online interactive communities, your Devices, Digital Content, Apps and software,. When you make a purchase, rent or place an order in our stores, place an order online or purchase, download, rent or stream books, periodicals, movies, television shows and other digital content (\"Digital Content\"),. in order to generate such emails.. personal and other information that may be collected when you interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise,. to create a password-protected user account. so that we can better serve you.. special offers, promotions, and other marketing programs and news that may be of interest to you.. If you rent, purchase or otherwise place orders for textbooks or e-textbooks from Barnes & Noble College Booksellers, we may also collect your student or faculty identification number, financial aid number, your driver license number, information regarding courses you enroll in or teach, your program of study and graduation year.. may. elp us locate products for you.. display associated content and advertising;. we may collect information concerning your location, unique device identifiers (UDIDs), date and time of access and information regarding your interaction with the Barnes & Noble enterprise through Barnes & Noble Websites, Devices or Apps as permitted by this Privacy Policy.. These technologies allow us to determine the effectiveness of our e-mail and advertising. This is done so that we can personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience.. In these cases, as well as when you use a Barnes & Noble app on a social networking site or choose to join (or \"like\") a Barnes & Noble page on a social networking site, the social networking site may provide us with certain information about you, including but not limited to your contacts and other \"likes\".. analyzing data,. determine the effectiveness of our e-mail and advertising. providing our services to you and your college or university, sending postal mail and email, fulfilling orders,. remember information you gave us so that you do not have to re-enter it;. ncluding providing our services to you and your college or university, sending postal mail and email, fulfilling orders, removing repetitive or unnecessary information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing support, customer authentication, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), providing customer service and processing credit card payments.. We do not sell or rent. providing search results and links. provide you with the ability to enter. allows us to communicate with you about special offers, promotions, and other marketing programs and news that may be of interest to you.. Browsers are typically set to create cookies automatically. You can choose to have your browser notify you when cookies are being written to your computer or accessed, or you can disable cookies entirely.. We may also collect other personal information regarding your interaction with Barnes & Noble Websites, Devices and Apps, including usage information, the items that you browse, purchase, download, read, watch and otherwise access, and your geographic location.. analyzing data. Customize and enhance the Barnes & Noble Websites and advertising;. enter a sweepstakes or contest. we automatically receive and collect information. In order to use Devices, certain Apps and features of Barnes & Noble Websites. If you enter a sweepstakes or contest we offer,. monitor the total number of visitors, pages viewed, and the total number of banners displayed.. The 'Find friends from contacts' feature. We may provide you the ability to sign into a Barnes & Noble Website or App using a social networking account such as a Facebook, Twitter or Google account, or use your social networking accounts to share information from Barnes & Noble Websites, Devices or Apps.": "1",
        "advertisements. survey. to contact the user regarding his or her account, new or existing products and services and special offers.. as purchasing a newspaper subscription. billing information where necessary to contact you or to process your Web site purchases. may. to personalize the content and advertising that users see based on personal characteristics and preferences. Forwarding an article. The information personal to your computer and your computer use that is automatically collected through the use of electronic tools is referred to as Computer Identifying Information (CIN). The CIN gathered by MediaNews generally includes cookies, specific Web site page requests, the domain name (e.g., www.medianewsgroup.com) and Internet Provider (e.g., Comcast, American Online, NetZero) from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol address of your computer, the browser software (e.g. Internet Explorer or Netscape) and operating system (e.g., Windows XP, 2000, OS/2 or MacOS) you are using, your geographic location, the time and date you accessed the site, and the Internet address you visited prior to visiting the site.. track your entries in promotions and contests.. new or existing products and services and special offers.. systems administration and trouble shooting purposes,. are used to deliver targeted advertising. personalize the content. in order to conduct online contests or sweepstakes, email newsletters and offers, provide subscriptions, participate in chat rooms and message boards, or offer other online activities.. to fulfill subscriptions, change addresses, suspend delivery, confirm and process transactions and to contact the user regarding his or her account. User registration is required to access the majority of content, services and features on MediaNews Web sites. enhance products and services and develop new products and services. The Personally Identifying Information (PIN) gathered by MediaNews on MediaNews Web sites generally includes, e-mail address, password, zip code, age, gender and whether you are a print subscriber, but may also include your name (and/or company name), street address, and date of birth, phone numbers, and credit card numbers or other billing information where necessary to contact you or to process your Web site purchases.. fulfill subscriptions, change addresses, suspend delivery, confirm and process transactions. necessary to contact you or to process your Web site purchases.. enhance products and services. personalize. where required to do so by law, or where MediaNews, in good faith, believes the use or disclosure of the information collected is necessary to (1) comply with the law or legal processes;. ad. weepstakes, contests, promotions or special offers found on MediaNews Web sites.. Forwarding an article found on a MediaNews Web site. pon registration. advertising. When you provide PIN information and access MediaNews Web sites, you are sharing PIN and CIN with MediaNews and MediaNews Group affiliates and MediaNews reserves the right to use and disclose the PIN and CIN it collects. If you do not want to share your PIN, do not provide it.. children can participate in activities (e.g. completing polls or online surveys, posting jokes, book reviews, movie reviews, toy reviews, video reviews, concert reviews, game reviews, artwork or questions/comments online, or playing online games) without giving unnecessary personal information. When a child under thirteen 13 enters a contest or sweepstakes, or participates in another activity. Sweepstakes, Contests, Promotions, Special Offers. perform statistical, demographic and marketing analysis of subscribers and their subscribing and purchasing patterns,. sale or transfer of some or all of MediaNews' assets in our Web site.. please be aware that CareerBuilder may share your information with that affiliate and the affiliate may use the information consistent with its privacy policy instead of this one.. o gather demographic and other information about you and to link information about a user's computer session to PIN. Those Web site users that choose to provide feedback or commentary, fill out surveys, engage in MediaNews chat rooms or use MediaNews message boards. chat room and message board forums. to help diagnose problems with our services and our Web sites.. in order to offer you the opportunity to receive information and offers about products or services from our business partners or third parties.. generally collected in order to process the purchase of services or products on the MediaNews Web sites, such as purchasing a newspaper subscription or placing an ad.. help diagnose problems with our services and our Web sites.. upon your optional entry in any sweepstakes, contests, promotions or special offers found on MediaNews Web sites.. protect and defend MediaNews rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of any MediaNews Web site; or to (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public.. If such information is gathered for a MediaNews survey, no PIN is released and is reported or used only in aggregate form.. to gather demographic and other information about you and to link information about a user's computer session to PIN.. systems administration and trouble shooting purposes. advertisers. to gather demographic and other information about you. registration for home delivery requests, vacation delivery stop requests and other similar requests as well as upon the use or download of software available on MediaNews Web sites.. enhance products and services and develop new products and services,. provide the forwarding services. provide services. systems administration. used to perform statistical, demographic and marketing analysis of subscribers and their subscribing and purchasing patterns. fulfill subscriptions, change addresses, suspend delivery, confirm and process transactions and to contact the user regarding his or her account,. gathered. email newsletters and offers. perform statistical, demographic and marketing analysis of subscribers and their subscribing and purchasing patterns. affiliates may buy or sell various assets. Those Web site users that choose to provide feedback or commentary, fill out surveys, engage in MediaNews chat rooms or use MediaNews message boards may be required to provide additional PIN such as demographic information, household/personal characteristics and purchase behavior.. collected. used to deliver targeted advertising based on your behavior and demographics. in order to process the purchase of services or products on the MediaNews Web sites, such as purchasing a newspaper subscription. process the purchase of services or products on the MediaNews Web sites, such as purchasing a newspaper subscription. administer the MediaNews Web sites and to provide services you request.. placing an ad. to offer you the opportunity to receive information and offers about products or services from our business partners or third parties. used to deliver targeted advertising based on your behavior and demographic. placing an ad.. If you do not wish to share your PIN, you always have the option to not provide the information or use the MediaNews Web sites that require it.. children under 13 years of age.. household income,. to fulfill subscriptions, change addresses, suspend delivery, confirm and process transactions and to contact the user regarding his or her account,. where necessary to contact you or to process your Web site purchases.": "1",
        "advertisements. tailor our website to better meet your needs and customize our contacts with you. so we can provide you with these features. to receive or access your favorite recipes and participate in our interactive communities.. certain additional features that allow you to receive or access your favorite recipes and participate in our interactive communities.. advertising. In addition, we may use the information you provide us to send you offers and information about Kraft, its portfolio of brands and its partners.. other non-personal information. device type and carrier. also helps us customize your website experience.. to send the information to them that you requested. Information Collected By Automated Means. various features for their enjoyment. We don't require you to register or provide personally-identifiable information to view our site or access much of its content,. to contact you for your opinions on Kraft products, services or websites.. and to deliver content that is customized to your interests.. in advertising that is directed to you via third party sites and media platforms, including in social media. We may combine this information with the information we collect from you to help us tailor our communications to you. Sharing this additional information with us also helps us customize your website experience.. so we can fulfill your request.. geolocation information. so we can respond to your questions and comments.. to contact you about the content you have provided or to post with your content.. communications about new products and services.. so we can fulfill your request. to conduct the promotion (for example, to contact you if you're a winner). so we can provide you with the communications you request,. using our recipe exchange, recipe ratings and product ratings and reviews,. understand the needs of our visitors and purchasers.. to contact you from time to time.. mobile phone number. to conduct the promotion (for example, to contact you if you're a winner) and to provide you with offers and information as described in this privacy notice.. to help identify site features, recipes, advertisements, and offers that may be of particular interest to you.. so we can provide you with the communications and offers you requested,. we can fulfill your request. We may use cookies, web beacons/pixel tags, log files, and other technologies to collect certain information about visitors to our website, use of our online services, and interactions with our emails and online advertisements.. to improve our website, products and services,. you may use certain additional features that allow you to receive or access your favorite recipes and participate in our interactive communities. to send you offers and information about Kraft, its portfolio of brands and its partners. For example, through these means, we may automatically collect information such as your browser type, operating system, mobile device type and carrier, Internet service provider (\"ISP\"), and IP address.. for any other purpose.. to best tailor our website and enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site, and to help identify site features, recipes, advertisements, and offers that may be of particular interest to you.. to improve our website, products and services, and to deliver content that is customized to your interests.. to improve our services and products.. These surveys help us understand the needs of our visitors and purchasers.. so we can provide you with the communications you request, tailor our website to better meet your needs and customize our contacts with you.. You may choose to provide additional information as well.. We may respond to your comments or questions, or contact you if needed while processing a product or service you requested through our website.. tailor our website to better meet your needs and customize our contacts with you.. to provide you with offers and information as described in this privacy notice.. we may collect your mobile phone number, device identifier, and geolocation information as well as other non-personal information, such as your device type and carrier.. device identifier. helps us to best tailor our website and enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. offers. For example, we may send you promotional offers, materials, and other communications and information about Kraft, its portfolio of brands and its partners.. including communications about new products and services.. as well as other non-personal information, such as your device type and carrier.. to collect certain information about visitors to our website, use of our online services, and interactions with our emails and online advertisements.. helps us to best tailor our website and enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site,. so we can provide you with these features.. to help us tailor our communications to you. For example,. your mobile phone number, device identifier. We also may use the information you provide to contact you for your opinions on Kraft products, services or websites.. so we can fulfill your request. We use your billing information only to send you the items you ordered.. When you participate in certain interactive features on our site, such as using our recipe exchange, recipe ratings and product ratings and reviews,. we can provide you with the communications you request,. register on our website or participate. We collect certain personally-identifiable information, such as your name, birth year, telephone number and e-mail address, if you choose to register on our website or participate in our offers and programs.. send you promotional offers, materials, and other communications and information about Kraft, its portfolio of brands and its partners.. To take full advantage of our offers. only to send you the items you ordered.. in addition to the other information we may collect": "1"
    },
    "Third Party Sharing/Collection": {
        "can be collected and used by others. link from our site to areas on their own sites. share information. Share this button or other interactive mini-programs. Our Web site includes. we might tell an advertiser that there are 120,000 Registered Fools in Gotham City, but we will not tell them that Batman is one of them, nor will we tell them that his email address is bruce@statelywaynemanor.com. We may also use this aggregated information. if we are going to give. We may give them access. Once the advertiser receives. if you do not want a particular advertiser to have. you give us will appear on the \"From\" line of the email, thereby disclosing. may also send you information. visiting on our site. give you the option to post information. we will provide. is used. we may share. visible to the. We have engaged. we will disclose. we may also provide. log in to our site. people will know. or hosted directly us. is visible. If you would prefer not to hear about such products and services, simply go to our opt-out page and let us know.. give, rent, lend, or sell. Will The Motley Fool disclose. uses of. collected and used by others. disclosing this information. we will disclose your. Information about your visits. they receive. we will provide your. we need to give. they still will not know your. We may disclose. to process information about our users on our behalf. will provide your. They may give us an ad. we do provide. We may also give. on our site may also use single-pixel GIFs in their advertisements. you should not post your email address on a discussion board. will combine. process information about our users on our behalf. provide the third-party service providers. We may use. We may also disclose. share. provide. may share. We also may ask for this information. personalized content. change in ownership. we may disclose. will provide. may appear. not tell. on our site. we might tell an advertiser. we may provide that. We may disclose your. where people can see it,. disclose. you give us will appear on the \"From\" line of the email. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party. although we do provide. we may provide that information. use": "1",
        "on our Sites. share. may continue to use information collected online. may use certain information about your activities on our Sites. consolidate your financial account information from different sources (such as your accounts with us or with other financial institutions). access to information. that you make available to. official Bank of America managed social media pages. you provide your Site username, password or other information about your accounts with us to an aggregation website. Bank of America may disclose. third-party service providers may collect. may have access to. may have access to information about your browsing on pages of our Sites where these widgets are placed. use": "1",
        "We will not disclose Cardholder Data to any third party,. or informing you about general company news, product updates and developments, card association rules, and industry trends, offering you products and services that may be of interest to you, or as otherwise may be permitted or required by applicable law.. provide that Merchant with. share. send it to. we may disclose some or all of the information we collect. racking pixels. complying with federal, state and local laws,. we also use cookies which collect information and send it to third parties.. we may disclose. In addition, we may disclose. including credit reporting laws and card association rules, assisting in preventing fraud,. Chase Paymentech may disclose. In addition, Chase Paymentech may use, or disclose. Where this site allows such cookies to be set or you access other websites from this site using the links provided, the operators of these websites will use cookies in accordance with their own cookies policy, which may differ from ours.. be sold or otherwise disclosed. disclose. Chase Paymentech may share. send it to third parties.. shared": "1",
        "share. We also may disclose such information in response. We may disclose. We may transfer. We will disclose information we maintain. Time Inc. sites will not use or transfer. This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you (e.g., type of browser, operating system, domain name, day and time of visit, page(s) visited) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information (e.g., cookies, web beacons and clear gifs).. may, in whole or in part, be sold, disposed of, transferred, divested,. we may publish. may be provided to both the Time Inc. site and the third parties.. the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information. transfer. may be provided to. forward. disclosed. disclose. be sold, disposed of, transferred, divested, or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding.. When you request a magazine, service, or other product, we will forward the information you give us. We may disclose personally identifiable information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties. We may combine information we receive with outside records and share such information with third parties for use on our behalf": "1",
        "becomes available. placed by us or the third party. searchable by other Users and subject to use under our Instagram API.. becomes available to. re-shared by others. that you make public is searchable. you voluntarily disclose. When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more \"device identifiers.\". We may access, preserve and share. sold or transferred. placed by us or the third party.. will be given access. These tools collect information sent by your device. or our Service. may be among the items sold or transferred. share. We may share. We may also share. Instagram, its Affiliates, or Service Providers may transfer. rent or sell. may search for, see, use, or share any of your User Content that you make publicly available. We also may share": "1",
        "may use cookies. Law enforcement authorities, government agencies, courts, or other entities, when:. We also may disclose aggregate user statistics to third parties for a variety of purposes, including research, analytics, and marketing.. We also may disclose aggregat. hird party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you.. track. collect. when. we deem it necessary or appropriate to provide such information. to otherwise protect our rights, other persons, or other users of our Services. track and analyze non-personally and personally identifiable Website data.. Third-party merchants with from whom you choose to make a purchase through our Services;. Third Party Service Providers. it. to. all or a part of our business with another entity. may use cookies,. onduct analytics of our Services to help us track and understand how visitors use our Services, using the technologies described in this section.. ollect information automatically through the use of electronic tools such as web beacons, cookies, Flash, clickstream data, and other automated devices that are deployed on the Website.. Another entity, in the course of a sale to or merger of all or a part of our business with another entity. may be shared. from whom. In addition, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your browser.. A court, another business, or other interested party in the event of a bankruptcy proceeding, in which case the information about you would be among the many assets shared or transferred.. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our Site and our Services on an aggregated basis.. may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our Site and our Services on an aggregated basis.. use Flash Local Storage Objects (Flash LSOs). display advertisements based on your visits to our Website and other websites you have visited.. shared. We and our third party service providers may use cookies. Third-party merchants with from whom you choose to make a purchase through our Services. share. We may share. to track and analyze. We also allow third party vendors to use cookies on our Site and Application.. provide. our third party service providers collect information automatically. also may disclose. about you would be among the many assets shared or transferred.. This clickstream data may be shared with third party advertisers and marketing companies. on our behalf.. Third Party Service Providers that provide services on our behalf. Examples of these services include, but are not limited to: technical support for the operation of our Services; Website evaluation and statistics; and fulfilling your orders for products and services made available through our Site;. we believe in good faith that the law requires it. We may share your information,": "1",
        "share. We may share. will have access. We provide. collect and store information when you visit a Google service. provide. may be able to:. We will share. let you share information. is transferred. we may display. or the sharing. we may show them. have access to. For example, we may share. our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service": "1",
        "have access. may transfer your. These third parties may use cookies. tilize other data collection and tracking technologies. We do not share or provide. place. we may use or disclose. The Atlantic and that service may share certain information. These entities may have access to personally identifiable information. have. we also may share information about your activities, including what you view on the Sites, with that social networks users.. collect information. They may collect information about your online activities over time. we may use or disclose your personally identifiable information to a third party if we are required to do so by law. We may disclose or share individual, non-personally identifiable information. transfer. The Atlantic and that service may share certain information about you and your activities. disclose or share. using, selling, distributing or altering this dat. shared. Atlantic may transfer. share. use. we also may share. ave access to or use. they may place a separate cookie on your computer or utilize other data collection and tracking technologies. disclose. using the names and addresses provided to us during the process of subscribing to the print edition. collect information about you when you use the Sites. We do not share. may have access": "1",
        "information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites. to disclose. Share. will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.. The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to users by our ad serving software. this site. about your visits to this and other Web sites. may use. use cookies on our site (. We share. may place or recognize. links to other sites. to this site. shared. appearing on this Web site. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique \"cookie\" on your browser.. share. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may. on our site. will share. disclose. our Web site.. We use. hese companies do not retain, share, store or use. cookies on our site. be part of the assets transferred": "1",
        "one AOL affiliate receives can be shared among other AOL affiliates. Advertising providers, which help us and our advertising customers provide ads that are tailored to users' interests and understand how users respond to those ads;. access. may have access to information about you.. third parties may collect or receive information about your use of our Services. measure. we may share. collect or receive. We may share information. users. transferred to. which help us measure the overall usage of our Services and compare that usage to other online services. Some of the content, advertising, and functionality on our Services may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with us. Such third parties include:. We may disclose. login to certain of our Services. we may share information with that service,. we might show you what content is popular among your connections on the social networking service or give you a glimpse of what your friends are saying about that content.. shared. we may share information with that service, and that service may share information about you with us.. may be transferred to. share. We may share. may be collected over time. rent or sell. disclose. our Services, including through the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies,. we may share certain information we collect or receive": "1",
        "Sharing with Third Parties for Other Purposes. use and collection of information. may use their own browser or flash cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect technical information. or it may be collected by. transferred. n some cases, the provider partner may collect information from you directly. information about our Site users may be among the transferred assets.. We may share with our provider partner. These third party providers and advertisers may use their own browser or flash cookies,. may collect information from you directly. These providers may use their own cookies. Sharing. Please also note that as our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets, or our Site is acquired by another company, information about our Site users may be among the transferred assets.. it may be collected. seen. e may share your personal information and credit card numbe. sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites. uch service provider(s) may collect that information from you directly, on our behalf.. We may provide. the provider partner may collect information from you directly. We may provide your information to our affiliates or to third parties. share. We may share. collected. provide. the data collected in connection with the ad serving and ad targeting on our Site does not identify you personally and does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number. to deliver advertisements on this Site, and on other websites.. Sharing with Third Parties for Other Purposes.": "1",
        "In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us, our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold, assigned, transferred or acquired by another company,. we may forward your information. transfer, sell, and share. We reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share. allow access to our database. Tracking Technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests. which may be shared. use Tracking Technologies. sell. we may receive. We may also provide. we may buy or sell various assets.. We may also allow access to our database. may be managed or participated in by. share. we may sell or share information. share with. We may also provide access. we may sell or share. transfer, sell,. the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets. use, transfer, assign, sell, share, and provide access": "1",
        "we will obtain from you before we use or disclos. release. disclose it from. may be released. You may also initiate the transfer of your records to another person by completing a written authorization form. If you provide us with written authorization, you may revoke that written authorizatio. may still share. Kaleida Health may share your health information. share it with others in order to treat your condition, obtain payment for that treatment, and run our business operations.. we may share. we may disclos. Kaleida Health may disclose. sharing. share it with others. Kaleida Health may use or disclose your health information if we are required by law to do so.. ay need to share. may release. disclosed. share your. may also share. hare. may disclose. sell. released. hare it with others so that we may obtain payment for your health care services. hare it with family and friends. share. use. disclose your health information. Kaleida Health may use or disclose. may share. using. release y. disclose. will not sell": "1",
        "We employ other companies and individuals as agents to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.. share. This provider may collect anonymous. By using the Sites, you agree that we may share your personal information in the following ways: When you provide personal information to one of our retail stores or affiliates, we may share that information with our other retail stores or affiliates in the United States or Canada.. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.. we may share your information among our brands and, under certain circumstance. By using the Sites, you agree that we may share your personal information in the following ways. We employ other companies and individuals as agents to perform functions on our behalf.. Whenever we share personal information with our agents,. As described in this policy, we may share your information among our brands. if you choose to participate in any loyalty program in which Hat World participates, such as LIDS Club, and you authorize Hat World to provide information about purchases you make to the company administering the program, we will share personal information about you with that company.. will share. collect. with third parties that provide services on our behalf or with whom we have partnered to offer a particular product or service.. pixel tags": "1",
        "we may need to share. We may use cookies provided by third parties. we may forward information. we may need to share this information. we may forward. we will forward. We can also forward. will be provided. shared with or sold. will be provided to. You will be able to share. may be shared. We may disclose. the practice of civictour.com to share any information we gather. may be shared with. When you visit or use a part of any website, landing page or mobile application that is co-branded or that is a part of a joint promotion involving American Honda and one or more third parties (each a Co-Branded Party), you are providing and consenting to provide your personal information and any other information collected by any Co-Branded Party to American Honda and each of the Co-Branded Parties without any other notice or further consent.. to share. the information that we collect and share. shared. We may also disclose:. share. We may share. We may also disclose. We may also share. disclose. you are providing and consenting to provide your personal information and any other information collected by any Co-Branded Party. We may share information about you with third party service providers": "1",
        "business your name and address. Share. access to. We release. selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing. We share customer information only as described below. we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party. exchanging information. we transmit. we may receive information. give that business your name and address. information we receiv. Collected. What. and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third part. we share. Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer. share. might receive information. with subsidiaries Amazon.com, Inc. controls. we receive. They have access t. Starbucks, OfficeMax, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, AT&T, J&R Electronics, Eddie Bauer and Northern Tool + Equipment. we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.com. you might go. involved in your transactions. transferred business assets. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service": "1",
        "We may rent, sell, or share your information. we may disclose it to others. cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device to collect non-personal information about your use of the Services. we may share. rent, sell, or share your information. including without limitation any information that you have made public in connection with your SNS account. passed along to our Affiliates, agents, vendors or advertisers.. n your computer, mobile phone, or other device. provided. can be collected and used by third parties. may be passed along to our Affiliates, agents, vendors or advertisers.. We may disclose. your location information may be passed. may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone. We may share your information with any Affiliate or agent of Tribune Company. Should you choose to voluntarily disclose information through the Services, such as via SNSs, on message boards, chat areas or in advertising or notices you post, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties.. computer, mobile phone, or other device to collect. share. In some cases, the provider may collect information from you directly. collected and used. the provider may collect information from you directly,. disclosure of aggregated, anonymized, and other non-personal information. We may disclose your information. We may rent, sell, or share your information with non-affiliated third parties. disclose. We may share your information. your information may also be provided to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers, operators, or sponsors. viewed publicly. your information may also be provided. we may share any information you provid": "1",
        "the website is accessible. never shares your e-mail addresses with third parties without your consent. shares. Food Allergy Research & Education uses. not shared with third parties other than the processor. shared. shared with": "0",
        "to collect this information. will automatically have. to collect non-personally identifiable information (e.g., the pages you visit, and which links you click, which ads you see and click on, and the categories of search terms you enter) when you visit one of our websites. TEN may distribute, sell, and/or transfer. one of the transferred assets. we will also give. will have. when you visit one of our websites. received with banner ads are collected by. we will share. may use. may have access to. they may use information (not including personally identifiable information) about your visits to our sites. we collect and share. may employ cookies, web beacons, and action tags. to share. We reserve the right to use or disclose. may be one of the transferred assets.. They may share. banner ads displayed in our websites. use or disclose. share. We may share. provide. collected and used. we might sell certain assets. we will also give participating vendors. that information can be collected and used by. disclose. TEN may decide to share": "1",
        "monitoring information. provide your information to. collect. derived from your visits to this Web site and the sites on which we advertise to present ads to you and uses cookies to track activity.. sell your. that run on our site. These Features may collect your. tracking services, analytics and other technologies to monitor visits to allstate.com. we may share. sharing. Third-party advertising technology uses information derived from your visits to this Web site and the sites on which we advertise to present ads to you. tracking services, analytics and other technologies to monitor visits to allstate.com.. transfer. sell. information derived from your visits to this Web site and the sites. tracking how visitors use allstate.com. share your information. through Internet activity. share. provide. assist us with monitoring information including. uses cookies to track activity. use cookies, analytics, remarketing and other technology to help us provide users with a better service and a more customized web experience. Additionally, our business partners use tracking services, analytics and other technologies to monitor visits to allstate.com. The website may also use web beacons (also called \"clear GIFs\" or \"pixel tags\") in conjunction with cookies.. we use and share your personal information. We may provide your information to persons or organizations within and outside of Allstate.": "1",
        "share. release. actively share. not reported or used. released to outside (third) parties. shared with third parties. Tracking pixels redeliver advertising and notifications through 3rd party vendors. sell or rent the information collected through tracking pixels. routinely requested by vendors. collected from the ACC web site": "0",
        "provide ad companies or analytics companies. other companies, use tracking technologies to collect and store data about your computer or mobile device and your activities on our sites and apps.. We share user information with other companies for various reasons.. pixel tags to. authorize us to access certain Facebook profile information including your first name, last name, gender, birth date and email address. track. se tracking technologies to collect information about our users' computers or mobile devices and their online activities. Ad companies use device IDs. collect and store data about your computer or mobile device and your activities on our sites and apps.. rack your use of the app,. nformation about you may also be shared with other companies. Ad companies use pixel tags. We allow analytics companies to use tracking technologies to collect information about our users' computers or mobile devices and their online activities. These companies analyze this information to help us understand how our sites and apps are being used.. We do not provide. share u. We may share all of the types of information we collect with vendors who provide services (such as voice transcription, email and SMS messaging, and payment processing), conduct surveys, and run sweepstakes on our behalf.. use tracking technologies to collect and store data about your computer or mobile device and your activities on our sites and apps.. track your activities across various sites. tracking technologies to collect. Advertisers and advertising networks use tracking technologies. may disclose. We may also transfer your information to another company in connection with a corporate restructuring, such as a sale, merger or in the event of a bankruptcy proceeding.. Ad companies place cookies on your computer to track your activities across various sites so that they can display targeted ads. Some ad companies and game developers use \"flash cookies\" for ads and games that use Flash media technology.. shared. Analytics companies use device IDs to track information about app usage.. We sometimes allow these ad companies to collect such information when you use our sites and apps to enable them to display targeted ads to you.. share. We allow analytics companies to use tracking technologies to collect information about our users' computers or mobile devices and their online activities.. disclosing. may share. We may publicly disclose aggregated information about our users, such as the total number of our users and their overall demographics.. disclos. We may disclose user information: in response to a legal request, such as a subpoena, court order, or government demand; to investigate or report illegal activity; or to enforce our rights or defend claims.. disclose": "1",
        "anyone may access,. we may enter into relationships. companies we work with and what options they may offer you. share such information publicly. to collect. placing cookies on the Services that will track. we may share. t share a. during your visits to the Services and other Web sites. use a cookie, a third party web beacon and/or pixel tags. other websites. and other Web sites. may determine based on their own analysis that a user who interacts with an advertisement targeted by us may fit into a certain demographic category. mobile systems. we will never share your Usage Data, Personal Information, Non-Personal Information, or Shared Information (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as \"User Information\") with any third party without your permission.. that you would like to share. either provided by us or by our. use, and disclose. These companies may collect. provide this. that will be available. collect any. we disclose. We may use third party providers to help provide services through mobile systems and such providers may use the. to make. to share. We will not share. expressly authorize us, to share. share. publish your location to third parties. provide. us to share. may access, use, and disclose. disclose": "0",
        "the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets.. Tracking. We may also provide access to our database. We reserve the right to access, use, and share with others. , which may be shared. provide access. access, use, and share. We may also allow access to our database by third parties. we may forward your information. Unless otherwise specified on the Service, we may sell or share information about you and your computer, mobile or other device, including without limitation your Registration Information and other personally identifiable information, with our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates and with carefully selected companies who we think may offer services and/or products that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to have your personally identifiable information shared with third parties, contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described at the end of this document.. hese third parties will collect non-personally identifiable data. may be among the transferred assets.. e reserve the right to use, transfer, assign, sell, share, and provide access to all personally identifiable information and other information about you. use, transfer, sell, and share. allow. which may be shared with o. share. may also allow access. provide. sold. ot to disclose. Tracking Technologies to serve you": "1",
        "behavioral tracking. sell, trade, or otherwise transfer. sell, trade, or otherwise. third party behavioral tracking. include or offer third party products or services on our website.": "1",
        "ther unique circumstances may arise where we are required to disclose your personal information. voluntarily disclose. may. It is possible that we may rent, sell or otherwise transfer to third parties personally identifiable information about you. voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information in an e-mail or other communications with third parties. may sometimes have limited access to information collected from you,. we are required to disclose your personal information to third parties. limited access to information collected from you. It is possible that we may rent, sell or otherwise transfer to third parties personally identifiable information about you.. disclose. may sometimes have limited access to information collected from you": "1",
        "will be given to. personally identifiable information may be one of the business assets transferred or sold.. We may also disclose. We may disclose. we reserve the right to publish them. If you chose to provide your personally identifiable information for the purposes of a third-party contest, promotion, poll, survey or newsletter, your personally identifiable information will be given to Miami New Times and to the third-party advertiser/sponsor involved with the relevant contest, promotion, poll, survey or newsletter and/or its agents and affiliates.. automatic information to track how our visitors use the Site,. share. We may share. provided access. transferred or sold.. may be shared with. sold. disclose. provided access to. shared. transferred. automatic information": "1",
        "these vendors, not the Company, may collect, use, or maintain the information in connection with the Online Services,. When you enter a contest or sign up to receive a newsletter, we may share your personal information as necessary for third parties to provide services on our behalf.. e may share your. In addition, your personal information may be disclosed to a potential or actual successor or assign in connection with a proposed or consummated merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event involving all or a portion of the Company, the Company's customer information may be transferred to our successor or assign.. the Company will automatically post. he Company may share. ollect. place. may place and use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. collect. or we may share with them. we may share. These vendors may not use your personal information for their own marketing purposes.. to collect personal information on our behalf. cookie. The Company may share. tracking programs. tracking. Whenever you give out personal information in public areas such as on a message board, chat room, comment field, or profile page, that information can be collected and used by other people. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information,. The information such Advertising Service Providers may collect. may collect, use, or maintain the information in connection with the Online Services,. Information obtained from resumes may be shared within the Company by parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates.. These third-party SNS features may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly and may collect information about you when you use them,. share yo. isplay it publicly. uch Online Services may place and use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect information about your device and your use of Online Services.. share. display it publicly. in-game sales functions.. We may share. may share. hird-party Advertisers: The Company works with various third-party advertising agents that use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect information. Please click on the links below to learn more about these vendors, their privacy policies, and the ability to opt out of their tracking programs. Please note that the inclusion of a vendor in the list below does not mean that the Company is currently using their services or that it is currently conducting any campaigns that use such technologies. We do not have access to or control of the third-party tracking technologies, and we encourage you to review their privacy policies before disclosing information to such parties.. Public Information Including Message Boards, User Generated Content, Forums, News Blogs, Comments, User Profiles and Chat Rooms: Whenever you give out personal information in public areas such as on a message board, chat room, comment field, or profile page, that information can be collected and used by other people. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there. You should be aware that any personal information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages or identify you. If you post a video, image, photo, or other content through an Online Service for public view, you should be aware that these may be viewed, collected, copied, and/or used by other users without your consent. If your screen name or an ID contains your real name, then that name will be made publicly available on leaderboards and elsewhere. Therefore, you are strongly encouraged not to disclose personal information while using our services or use personal information to identify yourself while using our services. We are not responsible for any public information or content you post using our Online Services.. Online gaming and Social Networking Services are by their very nature open communities where gameplay information including user name, game activity, and leaderboard rankings are publicly posted for other people to see. Therefore, the Company will automatically post certain information, such as your Screen Name or ID and gameplay statistics, within the game, on Social Networking Services, on Online Services, or on specialized game websites. However, we will not post information that we know directly and clearly identifies you (such as your real name or email address) unless you provide that information voluntarily for such use. As with other gameplay information services, your gameplay, leaderboards, and multiplayer match information may appear nested in our games or third-party webpages via frames or widgets.. We use the third-party service provider DR globalTech Inc. as our online official re-seller and for certain in-game sales functions. Other third-party service providers may be connected to other in-game sales functions. post information that we know directly and clearly identifies you (such as your real name or email address) unless you provide that information voluntarily for such use.. we may share with them. transmission": "1",
        "some of this information may be searchable and available to other users within Steam.. share. may allow third parties performing services under contract with Valve, such as order or payment processors or merchandise warehouse and fulfillment services, located in and outside the European Union, to access and use personally identifiable information, but only to the extent necessary to provide those services.. alve may share anonymous data, aggregated or not, with third parties.. hare. release. Any information that is disclosed in chat, forums or bulletin boards should be considered public information,. alve's products or services may provide chat, forums, bulletin boards, or instant messaging tools to users. Any information that is disclosed in chat, forums or bulletin boards should be considered public information, and users who message one another may not know each other personally. Valve has no obligation to keep private personally identifiable information that a user makes available to other users or the public using these functions. Users should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in public forums. Users should also be aware that game play information disclosed during multiplayer game play (e.g. player name and current player statistics) is public information and may be displayed to other users.. Valve may allow third parties performing services under contract with Valve, such as order or payment processors or merchandise warehouse and fulfillment services, located in and outside the European Union, to access and use personally identifiable information. Valve may share anonymous data, aggregated or not, with third parties.. We may also use third party web site analytic tools that employ cookies to collect certain non-personally identifiable information concerning use of our websites, such as referring web site addresses, page views and browser types. Users should also be aware that game play information disclosed during multiplayer game play (e.g. player name and current player statistics) is public information and may be displayed to other users.. Valve may release personally identifiable information to comply with court orders or laws that require us to disclose such information. In the event of a reorganization, sale or merger we may transfer personally identifiable information to the relevant third party with the users consent if required by law.. access and use. may collect personally identifiable information about users when users visit their website. use": "1",
        "(e.g., type of browser, operating system, domain name, day and time of visit, page(s) visite. have access. have access to personally identifiable information. access. tracking technologies. cookies, web beacons and clear gif. may, in whole or in part, be sold, disposed of, transferred, divested, or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding.. publis. may be provided to both the Time Inc. site and the third partie. We may transfer your personally identifiable information to other Time Inc. offices for internal management and administrative purposes on our behalf. Your personal data will be transferred to other Time Inc. offices where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit.. we will forward. y transfe. provided. These tracking technologies may be deployed. share such information with third parties. will not use or transfer. When you request a magazine, service, or other product, we will forward the information you give us to the publisher or provider to the extent necessary to fulfill your request.. We may disclose. Please note that if Time Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or lines of business is merged, acquired, divested, financed, sold, disposed of or dissolved, including through merger of, consolidation, sale or divestiture of assets, the relevant customer database, including personally identifiable information we may possess about you, may, in whole or in part, be sold, disposed of, transferred, divested, or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding. we may publish your name, screen name and other information you have provided to us.. transfer. deployed. share. collected. By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings, your IP address. We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request.. isclose. sold. disclose": "1",
        "These third party service providers will place cookies on your computer to collect information such as how you were referred to the Barnes & Noble Website, how you navigate around the Barnes & Noble Website, what you purchase and what traffic is driven by various marketing methods.. We do not allow third party service providers to collect your credit card information, e-mail address or password information.. we disclose certain personal information to the issuer of the MasterCard in connection with the administration of the Barnes & Noble MasterCard program.. We provide personal information to third party service providers, subcontractors, and agents. release. Law enforcement officials and as required by law. We provide personal information to our partners. Barnes & Noble shares your personal information with. on Barnes & Noble Websites, Apps, emails. sell or rent. Additionally, we may provide you with the opportunity to link your account with us to your UltraViolet account. This will enable you to download or stream movies or television shows that you have purchased from us from third party retailers who are part of the UltraViolet content ecosystem. some or all of its assets, personal information and your transaction history may be provided to the entities and advisors involved subject to a confidentiality agreement,. may automatically collect. who receive. collect. We disclose only the information that is necessary to make these third party programs work and to support your membership in them.. to collect. These third party service providers may only use your personal information to perform services for us and may not share your personal information with anyone else, or use it for any other purpose, except on an aggregated, non-personally identifiable basis.. data may be transferred to or shared. we may share. We provide personal information to third party service providers, subcontractors, and agents that work under contract on our behalf to provide certain services.. We provide. provided. We disclose. These third party service providers will place cookies on your computer. on third party websites and emails. use the personal information we provide. transferred to or shared. data may be transferred to or shared with a third party. we may share such information. When you apply for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard, you will need to submit personal information directly to the issuer of the MasterCard.. we provide to them i. We may need to forward your name, email address, IP address, and shipping or billing address to certain content providers in connection with your order.. provide directly. We may share your personal information. Barnes & Noble Websites. We may share your personal information with Microsoft and its affiliates and subsidiaries. These are third parties that provide products and services you may purchase or request from or through u. In some instances, we may operate a Barnes & Noble Website on behalf of a third party. If you provide information in connection with a Barnes & Noble Website operated by Barnes & Noble on behalf of a third party, that information may be shared between Barnes & Noble and the third party.. when using Barnes & Noble Websites or Apps,. will place cookies. we disclose. The content providers may share this information with the applicable publisher and circulation auditors, and may use this information to fulfill your order and for other purposes.. provide information directly to social networking sites including information about your purchases, physical location, or comments.. You may see these advertisements on Barnes & Noble Websites and third party websites.. Barnes & Noble may release personal information to third parties. We provide personal information to our partners that provide product and service offerings or technologies that we think may be of interest to you.. providing them with. you will need to submit personal information directly to the issuer of the MasterCard.. that information may be shared between Barnes & Noble and the third party. share your content with other NOOK Press account holders so that they may view and comment upon your work.. To disable the Google Analytics cookie and other third party web analytics service provider cookies, you can choose to have your browser notify you when cookies are being written to your computer or accessed, or you can disable cookies entirely.. on third party websites and emails.. our third party providers use cookies to recognize you as you use or return to the Barnes & Noble Websites. This is done so that we can personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience.. automatically collect. shared. share. If Barnes & Noble becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, restructuring, reorganization, or any form of sale or other disposition of some or all of its assets, personal information and your transaction history may be provided to the entities and advisors involved subject to a confidentiality agreement, and we will provide notice to you at your email address on file before any personal information is finally transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Such a transaction may involve us (i) retaining the right to continue to use transferred personal information in addition to the right of the transferee to use such information, and (ii) engaging in additional transfers of personal information (including new personal information) with the transferee from time to time following such a transaction.. esult in your personal information being shared with our partners. provide. If you provide information in connection with such co-branded service or feature, that information may be shared between Barnes & Noble and the third party.. forward. These or related applications may also allow you to provide information directly to social networking sites including information about your purchases, physical location, or comments.. We may share your information. DOES NOT SELL OR RENT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES.. receive credit card numbers and other personal information from us. we may share your personal information": "1",
        "MediaNews may disclose information. share your information with third parties. collect. share user information with select advertisers or other third parties whose products or services may be of interest to you.. becomes public information. use information. hird party advertising networks, also collect information. eserves the right to use and disclose the PIN and CIN it collect. Any information disclosed in chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups becomes public information.. share user information. In the event that MediaNews Group, Inc., MediaNews Group Interactive, Inc. or MediaNews Group affiliates sells some or all of its assets, or another company acquires one or more of its Web sites, information on users may be among the transferred assets.. MediaNews may share PIN, CIN and/or aggregate information with third parties such as advertisers and business partners.. may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.. MediaNews may share. MediaNews may disclose. we may send non-personal information to Yahoo! based on your browser's activities, such as type of pages viewed and categories of interests, so that the advertising you see is relevant to you.. share. Personal information is not disclosed to third parties except those who provide support for the internal operations of the site.. MediaNews may disclose and use the information collected where required to do so by law, or where MediaNews, in good faith, believes the use or disclosure of the information collected is necessary. we may send non-personal information to Yahoo!. disclose. information on users may be among the transferred assets.": "1",
        "publicly available. Remember that what you post or upload to the site will be publicly available. we may disclose information. which will also send these advertisers and ad networks information including your IP address, ISP, browser type, and whether you have Flash installed. information we have collected about you may be transferred to such entity. may be transferred. transferred. may be sold or transferred. may use. use technology such as cookies and web beacons/pixel tags when they advertise on our site. to the site. received from third parties. share. We may share. may share. sell or otherwise disclose. which will also send. use the. We may also share. we may disclose. disclose. may have access": "1"
    },
    "User Choice/Control": {
        "email address you provided us. name and email address. such as. visit the Network Advertising Initiative's opt out page.. information we are receiving. surveys. \"snail mail\" address. your address. with personal data. information. such offers and mailings. to others. free email subscriptions. You can disable our Web beacon by turning images \"off\" in your email client.. We'll remove your name. name. personally identifiable information. email subscriptions. email": "0",
        "your choices. information based on online Site behavior. behavior. o determine your browser type and version of Adobe Flash. Flash objects. in email, postal mail or through telemarketing. information. this information,. financial. online behavior or your relationship with us.. online Site behavior. cookies": "0",
        "placement of cookies on your computer. personal information,. Cookies:. our cookies. Cookies. name or email address. You can also disable or delete the stored data used by technology similar to cookies, such as Local Shared Objects or Flash cookies,. cookies. allow you to access some of our website's essential features": "0",
        "e-mail marketing. email address. your personally identifiable offline information. traditional mail or other off-line promotions. personally identifiable offline information. cookies.. Flash cookies. any sharing of your email address. Local shared objects, such as .Flash cookies,.. information. content and information.. e-mail. cookies. receive traditional mail or other off-line promotions": "0",
        ", but we want to make sure you understand that you still have control over who sees your photos.. You still get to choose who can see your Instagram photos, and you still get to choose whether you post your photos on Facebook. So while we're looking forward to working closely with Facebook to build better experiences, we aren't changing the core features of the app that you've come to know and love.. your photos on Facebook.. Metadata. text or email. email communications. communications. geotag. information. latitude and longitude. post content, including photos, comments and other materials (\"User Content\"),. your Instagram photos,. Metadata (i.e. hashtag. as controlled by any applicable privacy settings that you set. To change your privacy settings on the Service, please change your profile setting.. account information. email": "0",
        "promotional. cookies,. ad. settings to refuse cookies. etwork Advertising Initiative. opting out of targeted advertising. third-party ad networks.. promotional communications. personally identifiable information. Advertising. cookies": "0",
        "Location. Search, YouTube and Location History.. You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here.. to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us.. DoubleClick cookie information. Profile name and Profile photo. your preferences about the Google ads shown to you on Google and across the web, such as which categories might interest you. of personal information. cookies, including cookies associated with our services,. your information. of any sensitive personal information.. cookies": "0",
        "participating whether advertising partners and unaffiliated third parties through the Network Advertising Initiatives opt-out program by clicking. online, interest based advertising. advertising. you cannot opt-out. information. eceiving future e-mail marketing messages and newsletters from The Atlantic. e-mail marketing messages and newsletters. ersonally identifiable information": "1",
        "email address. email.. information. of this information. welcoming email. communications": "0",
        "preferences. zip code. date of birth. your registration. the fulfillment of a specific transaction. Some of our Services ( AOL Search and Netscape ISP, for example) may also offer you the ability to manage and control information collected or used when you use these services.. billing information, which may include your credit card data. information. the information. comments. name. your information. make choices about how your information may be used to provide marketing offers to you.. You can also opt out of receiving targeted ads from AOL by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's consumer choice page and selecting AOL Advertising.. ads": "0",
        "When we request information from you on the Site,. collection practices. If you do not wish certain information to be shared for these purposes. shared for these purposes. information. automatically collecte. disable cookies or turn off other functionality. Advertising. the information that is automatically collected while you use our Site,. supply or provide us with certain information. Your Choices. When we request information from you on the Site, you may always choose not to provide us with that information. But if you decline to supply or provide us with certain information while using the Site, you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site.. nformation collection practices by many third parties. cookies. purposes": "1",
        "preferences. Local Device Storage,. In doing so, these third parties will collect non-personally identifiable data including for example the make, model, settings, specifications (e.g., CPU speed, connection speed, browser type, operating system, device identifier) and geographic location of your computer, mobile or other device, as well as date/time stamp, IP address, pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, the site(s), application(s), destination(s), and/or service(s) you arrived from, and other clickstream data.. Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, servers and databases located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction. Please be advised that we may transfer your information to and from any state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction, and process it in the United States or elsewhere.. pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, the site(s), application(s), destination(s), and/or service(s) you arrived from, and other clickstream data.. information. promotional messages from us,. personally identifiable information. some portions of the Service may not function properly. If you dont agree to the terms contained in this User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you must immediately exit the Service.": "1",
        "Health. You have the right to request that we communicate with you about your medical matters in a more confidential way. information about them. health information. health. Behavioral Health. information about your health. information about you. communications": "0",
        "You can unsubscribe or change your subscription to any of our Personal Notification Services at any time.. You can ask us to change or update other personal information about you by clicking here to reach our Privacy Officer.. promotional. Personal Notification. We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive promotional information from one or more of our brands, please let us know by making a written request to our Privacy Officer.. name and address. promotional information": "0",
        "email address. cookies and time and date of viewing. your nonpublic personal information (such as personally identifiable financial information). with your name, address, and telephone number.. your nonpublic personal information (such as personally identifiable financial information).. your email address. It is also optional for you to provide your Vehicle Identification Number (VIN). personally identifiable information. You will be able to share your username, email address, city and state you live, chapter dealer, or the type of bike you own with other instant messaging members. You are not required to share any of the above information and may pick and choose on an item-by-item basis.. ersonally identifiable information. email": "0",
        "I. turn off location services. prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer.. e-mail or other mail. want to receive e-mail or other mail. compare our customer list to lists received from other companies. information. location services. M. receive such offers. data. privacy. not to share the information. add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout. location. provide information. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences.. personal information. customer information. cookies,. you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in. By visiting Amazon.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.. information about you. cookies. do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us": "0",
        "advertisements. tailored in-application advertisements. provide us with location-tracking. Flash cookies. cookies": "0",
        "subscribed. e-mail communications or postal mail or telephone calls. in the e-mail. name, phone number, and e-mail and postal addresses. e-mail. personal information. communications or postal mail. communications": "0",
        "personal information. cookie. your personal information. share your personal information. Cookies. mail or e-mail.. e-mail updates or newsletter. your information. promotional offers by mail or e-mail. using any of our sites and providing us with your information. cookies": "1",
        "your current location. email communications. your current location,. This Privacy Statement applies to users of allstate.com and miallstate.com, regardless of whether the user is an Allstate customer.. your personal information. current location,. your e-mail address. if you do not want to receive sales calls from Allstate,. personal information. cookies. accepting cookies": "0",
        "their personal information. education records": "0",
        "not disclose your personal information to third parties. cookies,. To opt out of cookie tracking. share your personal information. register. visiting your account information. information collected on our website for third party purposes. racked by cookies.. personal information. send you communications. cookies": "0",
        "Personal Information. receive communications. alias, bio,. If you would like to take advantage of this opportunity, please let us know by accessing and updating your profile.. alias, bio. Non-Personal Information. communications. information. certain information. Shared Information. provide a simple way to opt-out of ad targeting from participating companies.. your information. certain Shared Information. Usage Data. any other information. email,. cookies. email": "0",
        "personally. Local Device Storage,. third party tracking. promotional. future commercial messages from us. information w. our computer, mobile or other device may include an option that allows you to not accept it. promotional mailings f. personally identifiable information. our promotional mailing lists.. commercial. ersonally identifiable information. tracking": "0",
        "You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. your cookies.. cookie. their personal information:. cookies": "0",
        "please do not make any use of the Site.. promotional. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not make any use of the Site.. receiving promotional information or other communications. promotional communications": "1",
        "newsletters, subscriptions, contest results, survey inquiries, etc.. providing information to us,. communications. comments or other submissions,. certain information. information. name and address. e-mail (such as newsletters, subscriptions, contest results, survey inquiries, etc.). behavioral advertising. information about their viewing activities. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site and exit immediately.": "1",
        "communication sent to you. t personal information. opt-out. cookie\" is. unsubscribe links at the bottom of any Rockstar Games email message.. ameplay information to publicly appear. dditional information about individual opt-out programs is available on the World Privacy Forum website at http://www.worldprivacyforum.org. In addition to visiting the websites of each of the vendors listed above, you may opt out of certain targeted advertising by multiple third-party advertising networks at one time if they belong to the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. Visit the Network Advertising Initiative's website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp to select the applicable networks.. statistical data. e-mail address. refusal. advertising. ervices account. gameplay information. mailing lists. targeted advertising. ommunications such as newsletters or promotional offers. receive certain communications such as newsletters or promotional offers": "0",
        "promotional. email communications. Valve gives users the option to receive promotional email communications. However, users can disable cookies by changing their browser settings.. cookies": "0",
        "email address. As discussed above, if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes offline please click here, or for email please click here.. personally identifiable. promotions. personally identifiable offline information. traditional mail. marketing. cookies or similar tracking technologies. mail address. Local Shared Objects. cookies. Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device, you may be able to manage them using software settings. e-mail. personally identifiable information. opt-out of any sharing of your personally identifiable offline information with third parties not owned by Time Inc": "1",
        "Invite-a-friend emails. receiving communications from other of our customers through Invite-a-Friend features. from other of our customers through Invite-a-Friend f. receive. information,. promotional product. mobile notifications. promotional communications. promotional email communication. ENewsletters from Sterling Publishing Co., Inc., Lark Crafts, and/or FlashKids.co. publisher. cookie. By interacting with Barnes & Noble in the manner described in this Privacy Policy at any time, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the application of this Privacy Policy to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of all your personal and other information as described.. tracking activities. promotional. without submitting your personal information. NOOK Press collaborator emails. collaborator emails. service communications. personal information. personal and other information. behavioral advertising. promotional product and service communications. ENewsletters. cookies,. any promotional email communication. Member program promotional communications. cookies": "1",
        "information about special offers and new products and features from MediaNews. e-mail newsletters. newsletters and alerts and have e-mail offers. information. PIN,. information about their products and services. special offers. e-mail newsletters and alerts and have e-mail offers sent to you on behalf of MediaNews advertisers,": "1",
        "email address. first name and e-mail addresses. cookies, to receive notice when you receive a new cookie, to disable existing cookies, and to omit images (which will disable pixel tags). additional information. through the privacy settings in each social media platform.. e-mail address. personally-identifiable information. certain information. your email address. you may be able to opt out of these ads by clicking on an icon in the ad. cookies. If you wish to stop receiving advertising messages from these third parties, please review the \"Your Choices\" section below.": "0"
    },
    "Data Security": {
        "complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. The Motley Fool has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, please visit www.export.gov/safeharbor. While we do our best to protect your personal information,. you must protect yourself. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any password and/or account information. What kind of security measures do we take to protect your information from accidental loss or disclosure-. We store information you provide us on our secure servers. Only you have access to these password-protected areas. encrypted with SSL technology. The Motley Fool cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.. are password-protected. Personalized areas of our sites, such as My Fool, are password-protected.. Further, the information you provide when making a purchase is encrypted with SSL technology.. The Motley Fool, LLC (\"The Motley Fool\" or \"we\" or \"us\") is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.. The Motley Fool is committed to protecting your personal information.. We encrypt all of this information using Secure Socket Layers (SSL) technology.": "1",
        "To protect Personal Information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with applicable federal and state laws. Security To protect Personal Information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with applicable federal and state laws. These measures may include device safeguards and secured files and buildings as well as oversight of our third party service providers to ensure information remains confidential and secure. Please visit bankofamerica.com/security for additional information.. Advertising on third party sites: Bank of America participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) self-regulatory program, uses the Advertising Options Icon on our behavioral ads on third party sites (excluding ads appearing on platforms that do not accept the icon) and adheres to the DAA self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Anyone receiving a behavioral ad may click on the displayed icon to receive more information and can opt out at that time or by visiting the third party site's privacy policy for an opt out mechanism. we limit the use of information by companies that serve our ads.. as well as oversight of our third party service providers to ensure information remains confidential and secure. These measures may include device safeguards and secured files and buildings. We limit access and collection of information for specific purposes by advertising service providers.": "0",
        "assigns a unique ID to each person with computer access. physical access security and other appropriate technologies.. restricts access to data to those with a business need-to-know; tracks and monitors all access to network resources and Cardholder Data;. Chase Paymentech has installed and maintains a firewall configuration to protect data; does not use vendor-supplied defaults for system passwords and other security parameters; protects stored data;. encryption. Chase Paymentech continually reviews and enhances its security systems, as necessary. Chase Paymentech is subject to the detailed rules and regulations of the various credit and debit card organizations and networks (i.e. VISA, MasterCard, American Express, NYCE, Star, etc.), relating to the security and safeguarding of Cardholder Data, including, but not limited to, the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (\"PCI\"), VISA Inc.'s Cardholder Information Security Program (\"CISP\") and MasterCard International's Site Data Protection Program (\"SDP\"). Chase Paymentech endeavors to comply with all such rules at all times.. Merchants may be required to undergo periodic third-party data security assessments and periodic network scans to ensure that appropriate security measures are in place.. Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC is committed to safeguarding the privacy and security of the information we collect.. Chase Paymentech has implemented various measures, including appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards, designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of Cardholder Data and Customer Data, protect against anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information, and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information.. Chase Paymentech is required to undergo periodic third-party assessments and periodic network scans to ensure that, among other things, Chase Paymentech has installed and maintains a firewall configuration to protect data; does not use vendor-supplied defaults for system passwords and other security parameters; protects stored data; encrypts transmission of Cardholder Data and sensitive information across public networks; uses and regularly updates anti-virus software; develops and maintains secure systems and applications; restricts access to data to those with a business need-to-know; tracks and monitors all access to network resources and Cardholder Data; regularly tests security systems and processes; assigns a unique ID to each person with computer access; restricts physical access to Cardholder Data; and maintains a policy that addresses information security.. Commitment to Privacy and Security Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC and its operating entity Paymentech, LLC (collectively, \"Chase Paymentech\") are committed to safeguarding the privacy and security of the information we collect. This Privacy Statement explains the policies we follow with respect to the handling of customer information collected by Chase Paymentech. This Privacy Statement covers the services provided by Chase Paymentech to our merchant customers, including merchant customers using the Chase Mobile Checkout application.. among others, encryption, physical access security and other appropriate technologies.. Pursuant to such rules and regulations, Chase Paymentech is required to undergo periodic third-party assessments and periodic network scans. restricts access to data to those with a business need-to-know;. Chase Paymentech is required to undergo periodic third-party assessments and periodic network scans to ensure that, among other things,. we may disclose some or all of the information we collect, to our affiliated companies or to non-affiliated third parties (subject to contractual confidentiality provisions to protect such information). Merchants are also required to comply with various rules and regulations of the various credit and debit card organizations and networks relating to the security and safeguarding Cardholder Data, including, but not limited to, PCI, CISP and SDP.. encrypts transmission of Cardholder Data and sensitive information across public networks;. tracks and monitors all access to network resources and Cardholder Data; regularly tests security systems and processes; assigns a unique ID to each person with computer access; restricts physical access to Cardholder Data; and maintains a policy that addresses information security. Additional information regarding the requirements of VISA's CISP and Mastercard's Site Data Protection program (SDP) can be found on the VISA, Inc. and MasterCard International Web sites.. maintains a policy that addresses information security. hase Paymentech understands that such information is sensitive and takes appropriate steps to protect the confidentiality and security of all information collected by Chase Paymentech in accordance with this Privacy Statement.": "0",
        "Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Time Inc. also allows you to connect with other sites and services in order to share content and information. You should consult the other sites' and services' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties or their use of your information.. by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Time Inc.. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. Inadvertent disclosures may result, for example, when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data.. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.. we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information. to the extent necessary to fulfill your request. Agents and contractors of Time Inc. that have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us.. Agents and contractors of Time Inc. that have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Time Inc.. We have put in place appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect. No system can be completely secure, however, and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen.": "1",
        "Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms.. such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account.. We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure and take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. However, Instagram cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to Instagram or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.. We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure and take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account.. equesting a unique password": "0",
        "To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of the personally identifiable information we collect, we have implemented physical, electronic, and administrative procedures. These measures are based on commercially reasonable standards that similar companies use.. NO DATA TRANSMITTED OVER THE INTERNET, HOWEVER, CAN BE GUARANTEED TO BE 100% SECURE AT ALL TIMES. Although we have implemented security measures to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of such information.": "1",
        "based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks.. We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy.. We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.. We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold.. We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.. We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account, and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome.. We encrypt many of our services using SSL": "0",
        "We take reasonable security measures to protect your information, including the use of physical, technical and administrative controls. Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your personally identifiable information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. You need to help protect the privacy of your own information. You must take precautions to protect the security of any personally identifiable information that you may transmit over any home networks, wireless routers, wireless (WiFi) networks or similar devices by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized persons from intercepting or receiving any of your personally identifiable information. You are responsible for the security of your information when using unencrypted, open access or otherwise unsecured networks.. If such access is required, the third parties will be obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that personally identifiable information.": "1",
        "When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL.. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices.. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to user information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, behind a locked cage in a locked facility.. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just 'surfing'.. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to user information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected.. Security This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line.. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to user information. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just 'surfing'.. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to user information.. that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, behind a locked cage in a locked facility.": "0",
        "These companies are limited in their ability to use information they receive in the course of providing services to us.. we do employ a number of safeguards intended to mitigate the risk of unauthorized access or disclosure of this information.. Limiting access to personal information to employees who need that access to perform their jobs; and. Storing the data you provide in controlled facilities;. Providing company-wide training on privacy and data security.. Although no one can guarantee the security of the information collected and received, we do employ a number of safeguards intended to mitigate the risk of unauthorized access or disclosure of this information.. Examples of the types of safeguards we may provide (depending on the circumstances) include: Storing the data you provide in controlled facilities;. Using HTTPS encryption when you authenticate. Using HTTPS encryption when you authenticate (i.e., log into one of our Services), which helps prevent unauthorized access to your login credentials;": "0",
        "We operate in compliance with the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, www.aboutads.info.. only we and services providers are provided acces. All information we gather on our Site is stored within databases to which only we and services providers are provided access.. All information we gather on our Site is stored within databases to which only we and services providers are provided access. However, as effective as the reasonable security measures implemented by us may be, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our Site's servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.": "1",
        "In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If notification is appropriate, we may notify you via your computer, mobile or other device.. Moreover, if you elect to store information, such as your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, where others may access it, we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof. If you lose a computer, mobile or other device, or it is stolen, that contains your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourself.. Because no data transmission is completely secure, and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers, networks or databases, and by using the Service you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you access, visit and/or use the Service, including without limitation your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, and we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof.": "1",
        "Kaleida Health is required by law to protect the privacy of health information that may reveal your identity. If Kaleida Health does disclose your health information to a business associate, we will have a written contract to ensure that our business associate also protects the privacy of your health information.. While Kaleida Health will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your health information, certain disclosures of your health information may occur during or as an unavoidable result of our otherwise permissible uses or disclosures of your health information. For example, during the course of a treatment session, other patients in the treatment area may see, or overhear discussion of, your health information.": "1",
        "we restrict their access to only that information needed to perform their functions. Whenever we share personal information with our agents, we restrict their access to only that information needed to perform their functions, demand that they provide a comparable level of protection for personal information, and require that they not use it for other purposes.. \"Phishing\" is a scam where fraudsters pretend that they represent well-known companies to steal your personal information. If you receive an email claiming to be from Hat World that asks you for your personal information, do not respond. We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email.. Security lies in your hands as well. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.. We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Thawte Certified Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.. We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Thawte Certified Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.. SSL. Any personal information that we collect will be stored in secure servers hosted in the U.S. or Canada. We will correct such information whenever possible and delete stale information on an ongoing basis and are very happy to hear from you to ensure that our information is as complete and accurate as possible.. Hat World is always striving to ensure you a safe and convenient online experience. This goes beyond our technologies to include physical, contractual, and managerial safeguards to protect your personal information.": "0",
        "American Honda Finance Corporation (\"AHFC\") respects and protects customer privacy. We know privacy is important to you and is vital to our business. As required by law, this document explains our Privacy Policy. We want you to know how we keep our customer information private and secure and how we use the information to provide you a broad range of financial services and products to serve you better.. However, perfect security does not exist over the internet. If you are an owners.honda.com/owners.acura.com registrant, you can help protect your personally identifiable information by selecting the \"Log Out\" icon before you close your browser.. This information is protected while being transmitted through a Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) connection.. American Honda has reasonable security measures in place to protect your personally identifiable information.. We have installed safeguards to secure and protect the credit card information used for your transactions.. We maintain physical and electronic safeguards and have policies and procedures that are intended to prevent unauthorized access to consumer information.. This information is protected while being transmitted through a Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) connection. Most web pages that display personally identifiable information are encrypted using 128-bit SSL, which is an industry standard. The following brands' brochure requests, however, are not transmitted through a SSL connection: Engine, Marine, and Power Equipment. In addition, the Motorcycle brand site does not currently transmit brochure and email notification requests through an SSL connection. The following brands' brochure requests, however, are not transmitted through a SSL connection: Engine, Marine, and Power Equipment. In addition, the Motorcycle brand site does not currently transmit brochure and email notification requests through an SSL connection.. In addition, we have security procedures and policies in place to safeguard against loss, theft, unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, and modification of this information after we receive it.. American Honda has reasonable security measures in place to protect your personally identifiable information. This information is protected while being transmitted through a Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) connection. Most web pages that display personally identifiable information are encrypted using 128-bit SSL, which is an industry standard.": "0",
        "Safe Harbor program. How Secure Is Information About Me?. Click here for more information on how to sign off.. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.. protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order.. which encrypts information you inp. compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles. any unresolved privacy complaints can be referred to an independent dispute resolution mechanism. We use the BBB EU Safe Harbor Program, which is operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you feel that we have not satisfactorily addressed your complaint, you can visit the BBB EU Safe Harbor Program. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software": "0",
        "We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access, destruction or alteration of your information. Despite our best efforts, however, no security measures are completely impenetrable.": "1",
        "All employees are made aware of the Privacy Policy and of any updates or changes to it. Employees are reminded of the importance of protecting the privacy of our donors and Internet site users.. accessible only to members. Food Allergy Research & Education implements physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to ensure that your personal information is protected at all times.. Your credit card information is encrypted when submitted to the processor and transmitted over a secure connection between your computer and our server using Secure Socket Layers (SSL), the industry standard, to ensure protection of your private information.. transmitted over a secure connection between your computer and our server using Secure Socket Layers (SSL),. Employee access to personal information is strictly on a need-to-know basis.. Our servers are housed in an off-site, secured co-location facility.": "0",
        "We incorporate standard industry practices suitable to the degree of sensitivity of the information involved to maintain the security of your personal information and to avoid its disclosure except as described in this policy.. Your personal information may also be protected by the password you created when you registered at one of our websites where this feature is offered.. We store data on multiple service systems, in controlled, secure environments.. TEN: The Enthusiast Network (TEN or We or we) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience for all of our users and subscribers while offering the highest quality publications and services to them.. We limit access to personal data only to those TEN employees or agents with a specific need to access or retrieve this information. Your personal information may also be protected by the password you created when you registered at one of our websites where this feature is offered. The confidentiality of any password is yours to protect. You may change it anytime by following the instructions at the website where you registered. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt important information, such as your credit card data, in an effort to prevent unauthorized access during transmission of your orders over the Internet.. TEN employees are made aware of its privacy practices through periodic communications and training.. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt important information,": "0",
        "For Social Security Numbers (SSN), this includes restricting access to our employees, agents and others who use your SSN only as permitted by law, such as to comply with the law, to provide you with products and services or to handle your claims.. The Internet and Your Information Security Our web sites, allstate.com and miallstate.com, provides information about us, our products, and the agencies and brokers that represent us. You may also perform some transactions on the web site. This Privacy Statement applies to users of allstate.com and miallstate.com, regardless of whether the user is an Allstate customer.. In addition to the practices described above, we use a variety of physical, technical and administrative security measures that help to safeguard your information.. E-mail messages are not secure. Our security software does not encrypt e-mail messages. E-mail messages traveling through the Internet are subject to viewing, alteration, and copying by potentially anyone on the Internet.. We value you, respect your privacy and work hard to protect your personal information.. Your information is stored in an encrypted environment.. To help ensure the security of your personal and financial information that you submit to this site, (other than via an e-mail message), we use security software to encrypt the information before and during its transmission through the Internet.. Allstate provides links to other sites as a convenience to persons who visit the Allstate web site. If you choose to use the services provided by those sites, you may be asked by those sites to provide certain personally identifiable information (some of which may be shared with Allstate). Please be aware that Allstate is not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of every Web site that you visit, as the privacy policies of those sites may differ from ours. Our Privacy Statement applies solely to this Web site.. Thank you for choosing Allstate. We value you, respect your privacy and work hard to protect your personal information.. To help ensure the security of your personal and financial information that you submit to this site, (other than via an e-mail message), we use security software to encrypt the information before and during its transmission through the Internet. We only allow information to be submitted for transmission if your browser is compatible with our security software. If your browser is not compatible, you will receive a message indicating your transaction can be completed but at a lower level of security. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.. We only allow information to be submitted for transmission if your browser is compatible with our security software. If your browser is not compatible, you will receive a message indicating your transaction can be completed but at a lower level of security.. We require persons or organizations that represent or assist us in servicing your policy and claims to keep your information confidential.. Our privacy practices continue to apply to your information even if you cease to be an Allstate customer.. we use security software to encrypt the information before and during its transmission through the Internet. You should exercise discretion with respect to the submission of any personal or financial information via e-mail. If you are concerned about the security of your communication, we encourage you to send your correspondence through the postal service or use the telephone to speak directly to us. We are not responsible for the security or confidentiality of communications you send to us through the Internet using e-mail messages.. Some steps you can take to maintain the security of your information include: Utilize the latest, updated version of your Web browser. Keep your User ID and PIN or password confidential. Utilize a PIN or password unique to you and, if possible, change it frequently. Make sure others are not watching you enter your User ID, PIN or password on your keyboard when using the Customer Care Center or when using other protected areas of Allstate.com. Do not leave your computer unattended while logged onto our Customer Care Center or other protected areas of Allstate.com. After you've finished accessing your information, exit the Customer Care Center or other protected area within Allstate.com, and close your browser window.. If they do not receive acknowledgment of their inquiry or their inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed, they should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTeWatchdog Dispute Resolution Process. TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve users concerns. All the rights in the TRUSTe mark(s) belong to TRUSTe.. We require persons or organizations that represent or assist us in servicing your policy and claims to keep your information confidential. We require our employees to protect your personal information and keep it confidential.. Allstate Insurance (\"Allstate\") has been awarded TRUST's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Web site, http://www.allstate.com and http://www.miallstate.com. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions.": "0",
        "deployed extensive security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control.. committed to ensuring the privacy of personal information.. Security accuracy of personal and confidential information Although no computer system is 100 percent secure, Austin Community College has deployed extensive security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control.": "0",
        "When the user forgets the password associated with the account, we request the original email address, hash it, and then compare the two hash values. If they match, we e-mail the password reminder to the user and then immediately discard the e-mail again.": "0",
        "We have implemented reasonable measures to help protect your User Information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized access or disclosure.. Your privacy is important to us and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain to you how we collect, use, and share information we obtain through your use of the Internet sites, applications and services ('services\") that are operated by, controlled by or are affiliate with Vox Media, Inc., including without limitation SB Nation, The Verge, Polygon, Curbed, Eater, Racked, and Vox.com (collectively, \"we,\" \"us\" or \"our\").. We have implemented reasonable measures. require that they maintain the confidentiality of such User Information": "0",
        "Moreover, if you elect to store information, such as your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, where others may access it, we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof. If you lose a computer, mobile or other device, or it is stolen, that contains your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourse. Because no data transmission is completely secure, and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers, networks or databases, and by using the Service you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you access, visit and/or use the Service, including without limitation your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, and we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof.. notification. In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If notification is appropriate, we may notify you via your computer, mobile or other device.": "0",
        "We will notify the users via email. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.. We implement a variety of security measures enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.. We will notify the users via email Within 7 business days. We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.. Transactions are transmitted using 128-bit secure socket layers (SSL) for up-to-date data protection. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks. Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.. We will notify the users via in site notification. is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.": "0",
        "The Hill takes every effort to protect against unauthorized access to your personal information, and has put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on the Site.. Access to your personally identifiable information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for these Outside Contractors to perform their limited function for us.. We also require that these contractors (i) protect the privacy of your personally identifiable information consistent with this Privacy Policy, and (ii) not use or disclose your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than providing us with products or services for which we contracted": "1",
        "Links to Other Sites This Site provides links to websites maintained by other organizations. Miami New Times provides these links as a convenience to users, but it does not operate, control or endorse such sites. Miami New Times also disclaims any responsibility for the information on those sites and any products or services offered on such sites. Please review the privacy policies of these sites. Miami New Times is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties, and does not make any warranties or representations that any linked sites (or even this Site) will function without error or interruption, that defects will be corrected, or that the sites and their servers are free of viruses and other problems that can harm your computer. Miami New Times disclaims any responsibility for transactions conducted on those sites and cannot vouch for the security of the information submitted in those transactions.. We use reasonable efforts to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized use or disclosure. Unfortunately, information transmitted on the Internet and/or stored on systems attached to the Internet are not 100% secure. Updates and Changes to Your Information.": "1",
        "o protect your personal information, the Company follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the information you have provided. The Company has security measures in place designed to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.. To protect your personal information, the Company follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the information you have provided.. Personal information collected by the Company is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public (e.g., locked rooms).. TRUSTe. TRUSTe's. In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to websites or services maintained by other companies or organizations (such as those who promote the Company's products and services or sell related items) and the Company cannot and does not guarantee the security of any personal information disclosed to those third parties. the Company maintains information collected online behind a firewall-protected server and uses SSL encryption for purchases made through our online store.. s SSL encryptio. ompany cannot and does not guarantee the security of any personal information disclosed to those third parties. SSL encryption for purchases made through our online store. However, no system can be 100% secure and human errors occur, so there is the possibility that there could be unauthorized access to your information. By using our services, you assume this risk.. y the Company is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public": "1",
        "to avoid unauthorized access or disclosure of this information.. Valve has taken reasonable steps to protect the information users share with us, including, but not limited to, setup of processes, equipment and software to avoid unauthorized access or disclosure of this information.": "0",
        "No system can be completely secure, however, and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen.. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. Inadvertent disclosures may result, for example, when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data.. Agents and contractors of Time Inc. that have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Time Inc.. We have put in place appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collec. We have put in place appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect. No system can be completely secure, however, and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen.": "1",
        "Barnes & Noble has received TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy statement and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TRUSTe seal.. Security: We follow security standards, processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information.. In addition, we use industry-standard technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology in the transmission of certain sensitive personal information, designed to prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information, and, as technology develops, we intend to take additional measures to improve security.. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). Barnes & Noble has received TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy statement and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TRUSTe seal. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through uk.nook.com, www.nookpress.com, NOOK Apps and your interactions with NOOK Simple Touch, NOOK Simple Touch GlowLight, NOOK GlowLight, NOOK HD and NOOK HD+.. Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at Barnes & Noble.. They are contractually obligated to use such information only as necessary to assist us and to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information.. While we are focused on the security of your personal information and follow strict standards, processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information,. The issuer is contractually obliged to maintain the confidentiality and security of the personal information we provide and is restricted from using such information in any way not expressly authorized by us.. We take significant and appropriate security measures, including physical, technological and procedural measures, to help to safeguard your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access and disclosure.. e want you to feel confident whenever you visit us in our stores, on the Barnes & Noble Websites, or use Barnes & Noble Devices or Apps. While we are focused on the security of your personal information and follow strict standards, processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information, you must remember that the Internet is a global communications vehicle open to threats, viruses and intrusions from others and so we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that we will be able to protect your personal information at all times and in all circumstances.. In addition, we use industry-standard technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology in the transmission of certain sensitive personal information, designed to prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information": "0",
        "securely maintained. MediaNews requires the agent or contractor to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of the information and limit use to the specific services they are performing on our behalf.. MediaNews uses procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to the information collected on the MediaNews Web sites. Although such protective measures have been put in place, MediaNews cannot ensure that the information collected will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.": "1",
        "The security of personally-identifiable information is important to us. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized use, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personally-identifiable information we collect on this website. While we make every effort to help ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee our security measures.. These service providers may have access to personally-identifiable information about our website visitors if it is needed to perform their functions for Kraft, but they are not authorized by Kraft to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on Kraft's behalf or to comply with legal requirements.. The security of personally-identifiable information is important to us.. they are not authorized by Kraft to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on Kraft's behalf or to comply with legal requirements.": "1"
    },
    "User Access, Edit and Deletion": {
        "email address. or any other tidbits we have about you. information in your Personal Profile. Personal Profile. We'll remove your name from our lists as soon as we can.. o your paid Fool newsletter subscriptions or free trials,. your personal information. How can you deactivate your account. your email address. Either you will be able to make your changes right there, or we will give you instructions. or any other tidbits we have about you,. personal information. changes to your paid Fool newsletter subscriptions. Either you will be able to make your changes right there, or we will give you instructions.": "0",
        "account information. for changes listed on your account statements, records, online or other account materials": "0",
        "the stored data used by technology similar to cookies, such as Local Shared Objects or Flash cookies,": "0",
        "personal information. personal information that we maintain about you. you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate, incomplete, or irrelevant for legitimate purposes, or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirements, by contacting us as set out in the \"How to Contact Us\" section below. the personal information that we maintain about you,": "0",
        "Update your account. at any time by logging in and changing your profile settings.": "0",
        "Flash LSOs currently on your computer,": "1",
        "to your personal information.. how the Profile associated with your Google Account appears to others.. information. your preferences. certain types of information tied to your Google Account. If that information. personal information. information associated with your Google Account. information that is associated with your Google Account": "0",
        "equest access or changes to your personally identifiable information;. ccount and editing your account profil. If you have an account with The Atlantic, you may review and change your information by logging into your account and editing your account profile.. You may also use the contact information provided to request access or changes to your personally identifiable information. have an account. personally identifiable information": "0",
        "users' personally identifiable information. personally identifiable information": "0",
        "and any billing or shipping information. your registration information. registration information. any billing or shipping information. billing or shipping information": "0",
        "account or preference information. If you are a registered user of our Site, you can make changes to your account information by logging in to the Site and using the tools available via the Site. If you have subscribed to one or more of our email newsletters, you also may change your subscriber information, modify your subscriptions, and/or unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time by logging in to your account. your account information": "0",
        "request updates or changes to your information. t updates or changes to your information or your preferences regarding receiving future promotional messages from us,. please use the mechanism or contact information on the Service that allows you to change or update your member preferences or information, if available, to keep all such data accurate and up-to-date. If no such mechanism or contact information is available on the Service, contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below with your changes.. member preferences or information,. if you wish to request updates or changes to your information. if you wish to request updates or changes to your information or your preferences regarding receiving future promotional messages from us. regarding receiving future promotional messages from us": "0",
        "Ordinarily Kaleida Health will respond to your request for an accounting within 60 days.. An accounting of disclosures also does not include information about the following disclosures:. Your request must state a time period within the past six years for the disclosures you want us to include.. Kaleida Health will respond to your request for inspection of records within 10 days. ou have the right to request that we further restrict the way Kaleida Health uses and discloses your health information to treat your condition, collect payment for that treatment, or run our business operations. How To Obtain A Copy Of This Notice. You have the right to a paper copy of this notice. You may request a paper copy at any time, even if you have previously agreed to receive this notice electronically. To do so, please call the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer at 716-859-8559. You may also obtain a copy of this notice from our website at www.Kaleidahealth.org, or by requesting a copy at your next visi. You have the right to inspect and obtain a copy of any of your health information that may be used to make decisions about you and your treatment for as long as we maintain this information in our records. This includes medical and billing records. To inspect or obtain a copy of your health information, please submit your request in writing to the Kaleida Health hospital or clinic at which you received your care. If you request a copy of the information, Kaleida Health may charge a fee for the costs of copying, mailing or other supplies we use to fulfill your request. The standard fee is $0.75 per page and must generally be paid before or at the time we give the copies to you.. Kaleida Health wants you to know that you have the following rights to access and control your health information.. If you believe that the health information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may ask Kaleida Health to amend the information.. You have the right to inspect and obtain a copy of any of your health information. You have a right to request an \"accounting of disclosures\" which identifies certain other persons or organizations to whom we have disclosed your health information in accordance with applicable law and the protections afforded in this Notice of Privacy Practices.": "0",
        "other personal information. My Account\" section of the Sites, including order tracking and account information. When you update information, your old information is replaced by your new information.. We will correct such information whenever possible and delete stale information on an ongoing basis and are very happy to hear from you to ensure that our information is as complete and accurate as possible.. if you would prefer that we delete or suppress information we have about you,. You can access, add or update certain information in the \" My Account\" section of the Sites, including order tracking and account information.. certain information. To change your mind, simply contact our Privacy Officer or sign up again when you visit the Sites or our stores.. e will correct such information whenever possible and delete stale information on an ongoing basis and are very happy to hear from you to ensure that our information is as complete and accurate as possible. correct. delete. You can ask us to change or update other personal information about you by clicking here to reach our Privacy Officer. Any request to update personal information may take up to 10 days for your email request and 6-8 weeks for your postal mail request.": "1",
        "Honda or Acura's vehicle identification number (VIN) or simply choose the make, year, and model of your vehicle. personal information in your registration profile. any information, as necessary, except for your name.. your vehicle information. access your personal information in your registration profile for review and may change any information, as necessary, except for your name.. we will request that you provide personally identifiable information such as your AHFC account number, the last four digits of your social security number, your bank's name and routing number, and your bank account type (checking or savings) and account number.. your personal information. This information is used to set up your account specific to your vehicle. You will be able to edit or delete your vehicle information any time.. make changes to this information at any time by selecting the edit button in the \"My Profile\" folder.. your information. your vehicle information any time.. our information. This is a summary of your account with us. By clicking this button, you can view and/or edit your personal information at any time by clicking the \"Edit/Update\" button. You may also change your Communication Preferences.": "0",
        "include up-to-date information regarding recent orders; personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications and personalized advertising preferences, address book, and 1-Click settings); payment settings (including credit card information and promotional certificate and gift card balances); e-mail notification settings. similar data. d your interactions with Amazon.com. he list of which will change as our Web site evolves.. certain informatio. Recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);. include up-to-date information regarding recent orders. certain information. Which. personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications and personalized advertising preferences, address book, and 1-Click settings). e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, and newsletters);. Recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations); shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries); Seller accounts; and Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Listmania lists, Reminders, personal profile, and Wish List). personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications and personalized advertising preferences, address book, and 1-Click settings); payment settings (including credit card information and promotional certificate and gift card balances); e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, and newsletters); Recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations); shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries); Seller accounts; and Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Listmania lists, Reminders, personal profile, and Wish List).. Recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations). access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.com. about your account. and your interactions. recent orders. your account": "0",
        "certain user profile information": "0",
        "": "-1",
        "your contact information. update or delete your contact information. contact or account information. r change your contact or account information. your contact or account information": "0",
        "to review your personal information contained in our records. your medical information. your personal information contained in our records. review your personal information contained in our records. your profile information": "0",
        "accuracy of information contained in your personal records": "0",
        "If at any time you would like us to deactivate your member profile, please write to us at our corporate address or visit your account information section for each site and app. Please note that (1) we may retain your personal information in back-up storage after deactivation. If you would like to modify any personal information you previously submitted our sites or apps, visit your account information section for each site or app to which you made the submission.. please write to us at our corporate address or visit your account information section for each site and app.. If you wish, we will delete your account information; to do so, please log into Dictionary.com using the account you wish to close,then close your acount at http://app.dictionary.com/users/cancelaccount.. account": "0",
        "any User Information you previously submitted to us,. User Information you previously submitted to us. any User Information. User Information you previously submitted to us,": "0",
        "please use the mechanism or contact information on the Service that allows you to change or update your member preferences or information, if available,. registered. to request updates or changes to your information or your preferences. f you've registered on any part of the Service, please use the mechanism or contact information on the Service that allows you to change or update your member preferences or information, if available, to keep all such data accurate and up-to-date. If no such mechanism or contact information is available on the Service, contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below with your changes.": "0",
        "personal information. Users are able to change their personal information:. By logging in to their account": "0",
        "any personally identifiable information. personally identifiable information you have provided. personally identifiable information you have provided to us in this manner,": "0",
        "If your personally identifiable information changes,. personally identifiable information changes, you may correct and/or update it. your personally identifiable information. personally identifiable information": "0",
        "personal information collected about you. personal information collected about you,. your personal information. or request that we no longer use your personal information to provide you services. To delete your Rockstar Games account, sign into your Social Club account, go to https://socialclub.rockstargames.com/profile equestdeleteaccount.html, and follow the instructions on the page.. delete. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.. account. If you are a member of an Online Service, you may use that services account and privacy settings to personalize the collection, use and/or display of your data via that service.": "0",
        "removed. amend. records or otherwise deactivated,. ersonally identifiable information removed f. review. personally identifiable information": "0",
        "(this may involve closing your account). We encourage you to review, update, and correct the personal information that we maintain about you,. personal information that we maintain about you. Thereafter, we will either delete your personal information. personal information that we maintain about you,. personal information. delete": "0",
        "personal information in your community profile(s). correct, change. the personal information in your community profile(s) on SparkNotes.com at any time,. right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about. personal information in your community profile(s) on Lark Crafts at any time. content or information posted on Barnes & Noble Websites and Apps. personal information and your communication preferences. access. community profile(s). post(s). profile. the personal information in your community profile(s). profile information. or request deletion. information regarding what, if any, personal information we have collected about your child and how it has been used or shared. We will, at your request, remove personal information about your child from its database and instruct our affiliates and third party partners to do the same.. ave any inaccuracies rectified.": "0",
        "Request to have this information deleted, or Request that we no longer collect or maintain such information about your child.. Access personally identifiable information that MediaNews has collected from your child,. child. review and change his or her PIN and/or e-mail preferences. his or her PIN and/or e-mail preferences. you can update your preferences at a later time.. Correct factual errors in such information,. Account. At that time you have the opportunity to opt-in to e-mail newsletters and alerts and have e-mail offers sent to you on behalf of MediaNews advertisers, however, you can update your preferences at a later time.": "0",
        "preferences. registration": "0"
    },
    "International and Specific Audiences": {
        "Data handling practices and rules may differ from country to country. Each Motley Fool entity (e.g., The Motley Fool Limited, which operates fool.co.uk in the United Kingdom) may have different policies, which will apply to (and be stated on) its sites.. The Motley Fool complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. The Motley Fool has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, please visit www.export.gov/safeharbor/.. Data handling practices and rules may differ from country to country.. Each Motley Fool entity (e.g., The Motley Fool Limited, which operates fool.co.uk in the United Kingdom) may have different policies, which will apply to (and be stated on) its sites.. How do we respect children's privacy-. How Do We Respect Children's Privacy- Our sites are not directed at children under the age of 13. We operate our sites in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 13.. Does the Motley Fool participate in the Safe Harbor program-": "0",
        "For U.S. account holders and visitors to this Site, we will use and share any information that we collect from or about you in accordance with the Bank of America U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice, which provides choices in the use and sharing of information. For Non-U.S. account holders utilizing this Site, we will use and share your account information in accordance with the privacy disclosure that covers your account and with the privacy and security rules applicable to the Bank of America affiliate or subsidiary that provides that account to you.. children under 13. Protecting childrens privacy online The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13) and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Site. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 without parental consent. Visit the Federal Trade Commission website for more information about the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).. For Non-U.S. account holders utilizing this Site, we will use and share your account information in accordance with the privacy disclosure that covers your account and with the privacy and security rules applicable to the Bank of America affiliate or subsidiary that provides that account to you.": "0",
        "Safe Harbor Participation for EU Cardholder Data. Chase Paymentech recognizes that the European Union (\"EU\") has an \"omnibus\" data protection regime established pursuant to the European Commission Data Protection Directive (95/46/EC) (the \"Directive\"). The Directive generally restricts the transfer of personally identifiable information about individuals in the EU to the United States, unless there is \"adequate protection\" for such information when it is received in the United States. In addition to processing transactions for its own Merchants based in the United States, Chase Paymentech provides processing services in the U.S. for its European affiliate, Chase Paymentech Europe Limited, and its European customers. To address the restrictions in the Directive, Paymentech, LLC in the United States (\"CPL\") adheres to the EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles published by the US Department of Commerce (\"Safe Harbor\") with respect to Cardholder Data about Merchants' customers in the European Union that we receive in the United States (\"EU Cardholder Data\"). We act as a data processor on behalf of Merchants with respect to EU Cardholder Data, and accordingly follow each Merchants' instructions with regard to the collection, processing and protection of EU Cardholder Data. Our Merchants act as the data controller for any EU Cardholder Data. If any consumers in the EU have any questions about our handling of their EU Cardholder Data, such consumers should first contact the Merchant as this may be the most efficient means of addressing such issues. Consumers in the EU may also reach out to the CPL Safe Harbor Privacy Contact in the Legal Department at Chase Paymentech Solutions, 14221 Dallas Parkway, Dallas, Texas, 75254. Questions that are not otherwise resolved with the Merchant and/or CPL may also be directed to local EU data protection authorities.. Customers of Our Merchants. A customer who purchases a product or service from a Merchant using a credit or debit card, or any other method of payment for which we provide the Merchant with transaction processing services, is required to provide that Merchant with certain Cardholder Data in order to make the purchase, including the customer's name and credit card number. Our Merchants may transmit certain parts of this information to Chase Paymentech for the purpose of processing the transaction. During the course of providing processing services to our Merchants, we may disclose such Cardholder Data to banks, processors, credit and debit card organizations and associations, and other financial institutions that are involved in the course of effecting the transaction represented by the Cardholder Data. In addition, we may disclose some or all of the information we collect, to our affiliated companies or to non-affiliated third parties (subject to contractual confidentiality provisions to protect such information) such as a vendor or service company that we hire to prepare our Merchants' account statements or to provide support or services for one or more of our products. We will not disclose Cardholder Data to any third party, except to facilitate and complete transactions submitted to us by Merchants, or otherwise in the course of providing services to our Merchants, or to comply with federal, state and local laws or the rules and regulations of the respective card organizations or other payment entities (e.g. Visa, MasterCard, American Express, NACHA, etc.).. Paymentech, LLC, complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Paymentech, LLC, has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Paymentech, LLC's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.. Children. Chase Paymentech does not solicit or knowingly accept information from persons under the age of eighteen (18). Our web sites are not designed with the intent to attract or encourage viewing by children.": "0",
        "Your California Privacy Rights: Notice to California Customers California's \"Shine the Light\" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. (Note: Time Inc. sites do not recognize the \"do not track signals\" that some browsers may employ.) As discussed above, if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes offline please click here, or for email please click here. To find out more about your opt-out rights, please contact us as described in the \"How to Contact Us\" section below.. Special Note for Parents The site you are visiting is one of the Time Inc. general audience sites and is not intended for use by children. For more information about our online privacy practices for children's sites, consult the privacy notice at the children's site in which you are interested.. Your California Privacy Rights: Notice to California Customers California's \"Shine the Light\" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing.": "0",
        "If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law. Instagram does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.. By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which Instagram, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.. anyone under the age of 13": "0",
        "If you are a California resident, please see the special notice to you below about how you can obtain additional information about this sharing.. California. California residents may request a list of all third parties to which The MRC has disclosed certain personally identifiable information about you for marketing purposes. You may make one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response. You may request this information in writing by contacting us at: administrator @mrc.org or Privacy Request, The Media Research Center, 325 South Patrick Street, Alexandria, Virginia 22314.. This Website is not directed to children. THE MRC does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from or about children under 13, except as permitted by law. If we discover that we have received any personally identifiable information from a child under 13, we will delete such information from our servers and records promptly.": "0",
        "We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.": "0",
        "Childrens Information. he Sites are not intended for children under 13 years of age. The Atlantic does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, do not provide personal information to The Atlantic without providing us with consent from your parents. If The Atlantic discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided The Atlantic with personal information and we do not have parental consent, The Atlantic will immediately delete that childs information from the Sites. If you believe that company has been provided with the personal information of a child under the age of 13 without parental consent, please notify us immediately at techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com.. Governing Law & Notice to Non-U.S. Users. These Sites are published in the United States. We attempt to protect the personally identifiable information of all users of our Sites and we attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to The Atlantics services, but our family of Sites are located and targeted to United States citizens and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws. If you are uncertain whether this privacy policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your personally identifiable information to The Atlantic.. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of The Atlantic who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of their personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com specifying that you seek your California Customer Choice Notice. Please allow thirty days for a response.. Your California Privacy Rights": "0",
        "": "-1",
        "AOL Inc. complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. AOL has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view AOLs certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.. AOL is based in the United States, and, regardless of where you use our Services or otherwise provide information to us, the information may be transferred to and maintained on servers located in the U.S. Please note that any information we obtain about you will be stored in accordance with U.S. privacy laws, regulations, and standarsds, which may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence. By using our Services or by providing us with your information, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the U.S.. U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework. If you have questions concerning our information practices with respect to children, or if you would like to review, have deleted, or stop the further collection of your child's personal information, you may contact us:. Children's Privacy Our Services are intended for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent, except as permitted by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. If you are a parent who consents to the collection of personal information from your child, you agree that your child may use all of our Services and that we may collect, use, and disclose your child's personal information consistent with AOL's Important Note to Parents and this Privacy Policy.. Children": "0",
        "Your California Privacy Rights California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the \"Shine The Light\" law, permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to:. Children's Privacy Statement This site is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from a child under 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Site, we will delete such information from our records.": "0",
        "This Service is not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. No one under age 13 is allowed to register for the Service or provide any personally identifiable information or use our social, community, and public discussion areas, photo and video galleries, bulletin boards, forums, chats, blogs, personal/job search and other classified ads, and elsewhere. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17, inclusive, must get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before making purchases, including subscriptions, on this Service.. Kids and parents click here. Californias Shine the Light law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. We have such a policy in place. As discussed above in Section 2(B), if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes or to find out more about your opt-out rights, please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below.. If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Service, they may get unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so.. If youre worried about your childrens activities or their privacy on the Service, we encourage you to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below.": "0",
        "n state law specifically requires that we do so.. How Someone May Act On Your Behalf. You have the right to name a personal representative who may act on your behalf to control the privacy of your health information.. We may also release health information about foreign military personnel to the appropriate foreign military authority.. Parents and guardians will generally have the right to control the privacy of health information about minors unless the minors are permitted by law to act on their own behalf.": "1",
        "To carry this promise through, we do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use the Sites only with involvement of a parent or guardian.. Hat World is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the Internet. We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. The Sites are general audience sites and are not targeted to or intended for use by children.. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Hat World who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please click here to reach our Privacy Officer.. Any personal information that we collect will be stored in secure servers hosted in the U.S. or Canada": "0",
        "AHFC customers are also encouraged to see the American Honda Finance Corporation Financial Privacy Policy below to learn more about protections and use of your nonpublic personal information (such as personally identifiable financial information).": "0",
        "Under the Safe Harbor program,. Safe Harbor Program. n compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles. Amazon.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and (1) the European Union and (2) Switzerland, respectively.": "0",
        "Your California privacy rights. California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an email to privacy@tribune.com.. Children. The Services are not intended for persons under the age of 13. We require that only persons 13 years of age or older use the Services. By using the Services, you hereby represent that you are at least 13 years old. Some third parties, such as platform providers like the iTunes Store or Google Play may provide age-based ratings on some of the Services. These ratings shall have no bearing on this limitation. Third parties may also provide content categories on some of the Services. These categories shall have no bearing on this limitation.": "0",
        "Your Privacy Rights Under California Law Websites owned by organizations that operate in California must comply with the privacy practices outlined in California privacy bill S.B.27 pertaining to the collection and use of personal information in direct marketing activities.. Your Child's Privacy We may collect your child's personal information such as name, e-mail address, allergies, date of birth, gender, and postal address in order to register him or her in Food Allergy Research & Education activities such as school programs or contests.. child. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act); we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.. If you are a California resident, please click here to view \"Your Privacy Rights\" under California law.. California resident. Your child's personal information is subject to all of the terms of this privacy policy.": "0",
        "All matters relating to these sites are governed by the laws of the State of California in the United States. Any information you provide in subscribing to one of our publications or registering or ordering at one of our websites will be transferred to the United States. By visiting our sites and submitting information, you authorize this transfer, processing and use.. IX. CHILDRENS PRIVACY Most of our publications and websites are intended for adults. Some websites and publications, however, are intended for teens 13 and older but may include features or material that may be appealing to children under the age of 13. TEN is strongly committed to protecting the safety and privacy of children who visit our websites. We do not knowingly collect personal information online from children under 13. Many of our sites include chat rooms, bulletin boards and other features that we believe are unsuitable for children under 13 and which are not necessarily monitored. We encourage all parents to talk to their kids about online safety and to monitor their childrens use of the Internet.. Under California Law SB 27, California residents have the right to receive, once a year, information about third parties with whom we have shared information about you or your family for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of personal information shared. To make such a request, please send an email to yourcaliforniaprivacyrights@enthusiastnetwork.com and please include the phrase California Privacy Request in the subject line, and provide us with your name, address and email address. We will respond to you within thirty days of receiving such a request.": "0",
        "For Montana residents: Pursuant to Montana law, you may also request a record of any disclosure of your medical information during the preceding three years. Please send requests to: Allstate Insurance Company Customer Privacy Inquiries, P.O. Box 40047, Roanoke, VA 24022-0047. For California residents:. For Nevada Residents:. For Vermont residents: We won't share your personal information with Allstate companies for marketing purposes except as allowed by Vermont law.. For Montana residents:. For Vermont residents. In your discussion or correspondence with us, please be sure to provide us with your name, address and all telephone numbers you wish to include on our list. If you have questions about this notice, you may contact us at the address listed above or you may also contact the Nevada Attorney General's office at: Office of the Nevada Attorney General Bureau of Consumer Protection 555 E.Washington Avenue.; Suite 3900 Las Vegas, NV 89101 Phone: (702) 486-3132 Email: BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us. Our Web site is for insurance and financial products and services and is not intended for children; we do not market any products or services to children under the age of thirteen or knowingly collect any information from children under the age of thirteen. If we become aware that information is or has been submitted by or collected from a child under the age of thirteen, we will delete this information.. Please note that Allstate's \"do not call\" list is limited only to telephone solicitation calls. We may still contact you about your Allstate policy, billing issues, claims and other service matters.. State Specific Information For California residents: Pursuant to California law, we need to disclose to you that we would obtain your consent before sharing medical information for marketing purposes.. Nevada. For Nevada Residents: Allstate is committed to serving you when and where you prefer as we help you protect what you have today and prepare you for the future. To that end, and as Nevada law requires, if you do not want to receive sales calls from Allstate, you have the option to be placed on our internal \"do not call\" list. (Please disregard this notice if you have already been added to Allstate's internal \"do not call\" list.) You may make this request in the following convenient ways: Contact your local Allstate agency Call 1-800-ALLSTATE and speak with a customer representative Visit allstate.com, click on Contact Us and send us an e-mail Write to us at Allstate Insurance Company, Attn: Customer Service, P.O.Box 40047, Roanoke, VA 24022-0047": "0",
        "If you're outside the United States, your information will be sent to and stored in the United States, where our servers are located. By using our sites and apps, you agree to the information collection, use, and sharing practices described in this Privacy Policy.. If you are under the age of 13, certain messaging and site functionality may be non-existent or limited.. A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (\"California customer\") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed.. if you are age 13 or older,. We do allow children under 13 to register for an account, but we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 13. Personally identifiable information, for example, includes a first and last name; a home or other physical address; an e-mail address; a telephone number; or a social security number.. age 13 or older,. However, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its Privacy Policy) a policy of not disclosing customer's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure or gives customers a mechanism to opt out of having their personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosur. When we have identified through our age-screening process that a child under 13 is trying to register an account with us, we immediately \"hash\" that user's e-mail into a nonreversible character string and discard the e-mail. Then the user's e-mail address is only used for \"password recovery\" purposes.": "0",
        "We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. The Services are not intended for and may not be used by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target the Services to children under the age of 13.. countries (including the United States) other than the one in which you reside.": "0",
        "California. Kids and Parents: This Service is not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. No one under age 13 is allowed to register for the Service or provide any personally identifiable information or use our social, community and public discussion areas, photo and video galleries, bulletin boards, forums, chats, blogs, personal/job search and other classified ads, and elsewhere. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17, inclusive, must get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before making purchases, including subscriptions, on this Service.. Notice to California Customers - Your California Privacy Rights:. If you're worried about your children's activities or their privacy on the Service, we encourage you to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below.. Californias \"Shine the Light\" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. We have such a policy in place. As discussed above in Section 2(B), if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes or to find out more about your opt-out rights, please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below.. children. If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Service, they may get unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so.": "0",
        "CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf. We do not specifically market to children under 13.. When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.. Users can visit our site anonymously": "0",
        "Children Some of the material on this Site is for mature audiences, and parents and guardians should take responsibility for monitoring their children's use of the Site. Children under the age of 13 should not use this Site. We do not intentionally collect personally identifiable information from users of the Site who are under the age of thirteen.": "1",
        "The Company complies with the U.S. - E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. The Company has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.. U.S. - E.U. Safe Harbor. WE MAY TRANSFER, PROCESS, AND STORE YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND OTHER COUNTRIES THAT MAY HAVE DIFFERENT PRIVACY PROTECTIONS THAN YOUR COUNTRY. If we have actual knowledge that the person with whom we're communicating is a child under the age of thirteen, we delete the child's e-mail address and message immediately after responding.. The Company does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years old. If we become aware that a child under 13 has submitted information to the Company, we delete this information immediately. We encourage parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses, or phone numbers, without permission, when using the Internet.. child. Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If this Privacy Policy states that any personal information may be shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, you may send inquiries regarding our disclosure policy to: Take Two Interactive Attn: Internet Privacy Policy Administrator 622 Broadway New York, New York 10012 privacypolicy@take2games.com. or Online Services offered by Rockstar Games used by residents of the European Union, the company Take-Two Interactive Software Europe Limited, ICO Registration No. Z1336431, is the data controller responsible for your personal information.. Swiss": "1",
        "If you are an EU user, \"personally identifiable information\" means \"personal data\" within the meaning of article 2 a) of the Directive 95/46 of 24 October 1995.. Valve Corporation complies with the Safe Harbor framework developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union relating to the transfer and processing of personally identifiable information. For more information about the Safe Harbor program or to view Valves certification visit http://export.gov/safeharbor/eu/eg_main_018476.asp.. ally identifiable information provided to Valve by customers in the EU is controlled by Valve S.a.r.l, with place of business set out below. Personally identifiable information provided to Valve will be collected, processed and stored by Valve Corporation in the United States. Valve has taken reasonable steps to protect the information users share with us, including, but not limited to, setup of processes, equipment and software to avoid unauthorized access or disclosure of this. alve will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any person under the age of 13. Valve encourages parents to instruct their children to never give out personal information when online. Parents who are concerned about the transfer of personal information from their children may contact us.": "0",
        "The site you are visiting is one of the Time Inc. general audience sites and is not intended for use by children. For more information about our online privacy practices for children's sites, consult the privacy notice at the children's site in which you are interested.. Your California Privacy Rights: Notice to California Customers. California's \"Shine the Light\" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. (Note: Time Inc. sites do not recognize the \"do not track signals\" that some browsers may employ.) As discussed above, if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes offline please click here, or for email please click here. To find out more about your opt-out rights, please contact us as described in the \"How to Contact Us\" section below.": "1",
        "U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework. Policies for Minors, including children under the age of 13. By doing business or interacting with Barnes & Noble, you are consenting to the transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information to and within facilities located in the United States and other facility locations selected by Barnes & Noble.. Except as noted below : (i) our products and services are marketed for and directed towards purchase by adults or with the consent of adults; (ii) Individuals under the age of 18 (\"Minors\") are not permitted to use Barnes & Noble Websites or Apps without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian; (iii) we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for an online account or to post personal information on the Barnes & Noble Websites; and (iv) should we learn that someone under the age of 13 has provided any personal information to or on any of the Barnes & Noble Websites, we will remove that information as soon as possible.. If you are a Minor under the age of 18, you may request and obtain removal of certain content or information posted on Barnes & Noble Websites and Apps by sending an email to privacy@barnesandnoble.com with ?Privacy Rights for Minors? in the subject line. Please be advised that our removal of your post(s) does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted on Barnes & Noble Websites or Apps.. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request a notice from us describing which categories of personal information we have shared with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes within the last calendar year, and the name and address of such parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please send an email to privacy@barnesandnoble.com with \"California Privacy Rights Request\" in the subject line.. If we direct certain Devices features or Apps to Minors who may be under the age of 13, we require the parent or legal guardian to provide verifiable consent to such Minor's use of our products and services and our collection of personal information in connection with such use. In these cases, we require validation of credit card information already on file with us and we will then e-mail the master account holder to give notice that we have received such consent. If no credit card information is on file, or if the credit card is invalid, we will not register that you have consented. With your consent, we may collect, use and share information regarding Minors under the age of 13 consistent with this Privacy Policy. Please see the sections above for detailed information on how we do so.. Safe Harbor. If you are a Minor under the age of 18, you may request and obtain removal of certain content or information posted on Barnes & Noble Websites and Apps by sending an email to privacy@barnesandnoble.com with ?Privacy Rights for Minors? in the subject line.. Barnes & Noble complies with the U.S. - E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from, respectively, European Union member countries and Switzerland. Barnes & Noble's subsidiary Nook Digital, LLC (f/k/a barnesandnoble.com llc) has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Barnes & Noble's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/. Barnes & Noble complies with the U.S. - E.U. Safe Harbor framework. Policies for Minors, including children under the age of 13 Barnes & Noble is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the collection, storage and use of personal information of Minors under the age of 13, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.. If you are a parent or guardian who believes that your Minor under the age of 13 has submitted personal information or other information to us without your consent, please contact privacy@barnesandnoble.com. Once we verify that you are the parent or legal guardian, at your request, we will promptly provide to you information regarding what, if any, personal information we have collected about your child and how it has been used or shared. We will, at your request, remove personal information about your child from its database and instruct our affiliates and third party partners to do the same.. If you are visiting Barnes & Noble or a Barnes & Noble Website from outside the United States and provide us with personal information, please note that your personal information will be transferred, stored and processed within the United States. Additionally, Barnes & Noble may transfer your personal information to other countries, for example because a server or third party service provider is located there. The data protection and privacy laws of other countries, including the United States, may not afford you the same level of protection as those in your own country. Barnes & Noble will take appropriate steps to protect your information.. If we direct certain Devices features or Apps to Minors who may be under the age of 13, we require the parent or legal guardian to provide verifiable consent to such Minor's use of our products and services and our collection of personal information in connection with such use.": "0",
        "MediaNews does not ask children to disclose more personal information than is necessary for them to participate in a particular activity. We urge children to check with their parents before entering information on any web site and we urge parents to discuss with their children restrictions regarding the online release of personal information. MediaNews limits its collection of information from children to what is known as non-personally identifiable information (e.g. first name, screen names, age, gender, city, state, zip code and country of residence). This information is collected so children can participate in activities (e.g. completing polls or online surveys, posting jokes, book reviews, movie reviews, toy reviews, video reviews, concert reviews, game reviews, artwork or questions/comments online, or playing online games) without giving unnecessary personal information. From time to time, however, we may request personally identifiable information (e.g. child's email address and/or parent's or guardian's email address), as explained below, in order to conduct online contests or sweepstakes, email newsletters and offers, provide subscriptions, participate in chat rooms and message boards, or offer other online activities. MediaNews does not and cannot condition a child's participation in any of our online activities on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. Information is collected actively, such as through registration forms, and passively, such as through cookies.. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Under California law, California residents may request once a year, free of charge, certain information regarding MediaNews' disclosure of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202. Please include the name and the address to which you would like us to respond, along with the name of the applicable site.. This policy describes the privacy practices of MediaNews Group, Inc. and MediaNews Group Interactive, Inc., as well as MediaNews Group affiliates (MediaNews) relating to information collected from children. This privacy policy does not apply to third party web sites, or to companies and persons that are not controlled by, affiliated with or managed by MediaNews. For most MediaNews Web sites, MediaNews does not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age. In the event that MediaNews collects information from children under 13 years of age, this Children's Privacy Policy shall apply.. MediaNews occasionally offers contest and sweepstakes, which may be entered online. When a child under thirteen 13 enters a contest or sweepstakes, or participates in another activity that requires the use of personal information, we will ask for a parent's email address so that we can notify the parent of the child's participation, obtain the parent's consent and give the parent the option to have the child's information deleted. All of the child's personal information collected by MediaNews is securely maintained and used only for the specified purpose such as conducting the contest or sweepstakes and awarding prizes. MediaNews does not keep any of the child's personal information after the particular event is completed. Sometimes, MediaNews uses agents or contractors to provide services that support the internal operations of the site, such as helping us conduct a sweepstakes or sending prizes to winners. In these cases, MediaNews requires the agent or contractor to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of the information and limit use to the specific services they are performing on our behalf. MediaNews may disclose information maintained as required by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. MediaNews may also disclose such information in response to a specific law enforcement agency's request. Personal information is not disclosed to third parties except those who provide support for the internal operations of the site. Parents can consent to the collection and use of their child's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of the information to third parties.. MediaNews Group and MediaNews Group affiliates are the operators collecting information at this web site. Please send an email or letter to our Privacy Coordinator at the email or mailing address provided below if you would like to do any of the following:. USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN. PARENTAL ACCESS. Under California law, California residents may request once a year, free of charge, certain information regarding MediaNews' disclosure of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202.. MediaNews occasionally offers contest and sweepstakes, which may be entered online. When a child under thirteen 13 enters a contest or sweepstakes, or participates in another activity that requires the use of personal information, we will ask for a parent's email address so that we can notify the parent of the child's participation, obtain the parent's consent and give the parent the option to have the child's information deleted. All of the child's personal information collected by MediaNews is securely maintained and used only for the specified purpose such as conducting the contest or sweepstakes and awarding prizes. MediaNews does not keep any of the child's personal information after the particular event is completed. Sometimes, MediaNews uses agents or contractors to provide services that support the internal operations of the site, such as helping us conduct a sweepstakes or sending prizes to winners. In these cases, MediaNews requires the agent or contractor to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of the information and limit use to the specific services they are performing on our behalf.. MediaNews Group and MediaNews Group affiliates are the operators collecting information at this web site. Please send an email or letter to our Privacy Coordinator at the email or mailing address provided below if you would like to do any of the following: Access personally identifiable information that MediaNews has collected from your child, Correct factual errors in such information, Request to have this information deleted, or Request that we no longer collect or maintain such information about your child.. Please include your email address and telephone number where we can reach you. MediaNews takes steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting information about a child to ensure that the person is in fact the child's parent or legal guardian.": "1",
        "Your California Privacy Rights For California Residents: We may share your personally-identifiable information with affiliated third parties, some of which do not share the Kraft name, for their own direct marketing purposes. Because this category of affiliates is considered to be \"unaffiliated parties\" under California Law, you may opt out of us sharing with them. To opt out, please send a letter with your name, postal address, e-mail, with the heading \"California Privacy Rights\" to: Kraft Foods Group, Inc. Three Lakes Drive Northfield, IL 60093 Attention: Consumer Relations. California residents. Children's Information This site is intended for general audiences, and Kraft does not direct the site to collect, or knowingly collect, any personal information from children under the age of 13.. For California residents, please see \"Your California Privacy Rights\" below.. For California Residents:": "1"
    },
    "Data Retention": {
        "to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our Fool Rules and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.. enforce our Fool Rules and take other actions. We will not use these email addresses for any other purpose. enforce our Fool Rules. to comply with our legal obligations,. will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes. resolve disputes,. to identify content that we think is relevant to you": "1",
        "": "-1",
        "which are set by the website which you have chosen to visit, such as this website, in order to provide us or third parties with information.. Session cookies allow the website to recognize you as you navigate between pages during a single browser session and allow you to use the website most efficiently. For example, session cookies enable a website to remember that a user has placed items in an online shopping basket.": "0",
        "purposes not prohibited by applicable laws.. for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws.. for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws.": "1",
        "backup, archival, and/or audit purposes. may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Instagram, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities.. Following termination or deactivation of your account, Instagram, its Affiliates, or its Service Providers may retain information (including your profile information) and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.. for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.. copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties using the Instagram API have copied or saved that informatio. when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation": "1",
        "We may store the information that we collect from the third party account along with the other information that we collect from you or receive about you.": "0",
        "manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes.": "0",
        "for the purposes for which the data was collected. or the purposes for which the data was collected or for which it is to be further processed.. The time period for which we keep information varies according to the purpose for which it is used for. In some cases, there are legal requirements to keep data for a minimum period. Unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the information, we will retain it for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected or for which it is to be further processed.. legal requirements to keep data for a minimum period.. legal requirements. no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected": "0",
        "sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program.": "0",
        "store": "-1",
        "for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to determine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns, to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns, the movements of individual users, and your geographic location, to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, to analyze trends, to conduct research, to deliver editorial content, to record registration and personalization information, and to otherwise administer the Service.. store": "1",
        "to improve the services we provide you and to help us promote products and services that are of most interest to you.. is used to fulfill your request.. only in a manner appropriate to fulfill your request.": "0",
        "we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.. store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way.. keep a copy of the prior version for our records. whenever. for such purposes as. improving our stores. store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.": "1",
        "aggregate reports for internal use. s are used to create aggregate reports for internal use only. for verification purposes. for recurring donations": "0",
        "any e-mail addresses of either the sender or recipient of such articles or links after they are sent. to send articles or links by e-mail to other parties": "0",
        "we execute such searches on your behalf": "0",
        "sending an email, participating in a survey, responding to a request for information or \"contact us\" form": "0",
        "we may retain your personal information in back-up storage after deactivation": "1",
        "to order services. required to do so by law. may remain in back-up storage. any User Information that we have copied may remain in back-up storage for some period of time after your request,. whenever we are required to do so by law.": "0",
        "Even if you do not opt-in to receive promotional information or you have opted-in and then later choose to opt-out, we reserve the right to contact you as necessary in our sole discretion regarding The Hill, any request you have made for services or products from The Hill, changes to this Privacy Policy and any other matters that may be relevant to the information we collect.": "1",
        "We maintain automatic information in aggregated form, not associated with your IP address or personally identifiable information.": "1",
        "security, integrity, and operation of our Online Services.. resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement. administer our services. ed to provide you services.. comply with technical and legal requirements. In most cases, your message is deleted immediately after we've resolved your inquiry; however, in some instances, copies of your requests may be kept on file for our records, for quality control purposes, or to provide ongoing support services you have requested.. Once your information is received from an SNS, that information is stored and used by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.. services. legal requirements": "1",
        "as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws.. We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws. Thereafter, we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it. At our election, instead of deleting such information, we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records.. purposes": "0",
        "Please be advised that our removal of your post(s) does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted on Barnes & Noble Websites or Apps.. legal obligations. o comply with our legal obligations. as needed to provide you with services. resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. to administer the programs and services in which you choose to participate,. use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.. Please be advised that Barnes & Noble may archive information it collects on its community and visitors. provide you with services.": "1",
        "etain this information only to provide the forwarding services. after the particular event is completed.": "1",
        "to send the information to them that you requested.. marketing": "-1"
    },
    "Policy Change": {
        "we will announce them and notify you via email. we will announce them. We encourage you to periodically review this page. notify you via email.. How will you know whether The Motley Fool's privacy policy has changed-. and/or in email messages. notify you via email. notified via email. on our websites. on our websites and/or in email messages prior to the change becoming effective. and/or a prominent notice on our Web site. Last Updated: December 1st, 2014": "0",
        "we will revise the Last Updated date at the top of this Notice.. If we make changes to the U.S. Online Privacy Notice, we will revise the Last Updated date at the top of this Notice": "0",
        "without notice at any time and from time to time. Modifications to Privacy Statement We continue to review our policies and procedures to assure that they are effective in meeting our commitments to our Merchants. Chase Paymentech reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement without notice at any time and from time to time, including as needed to comply with the rules and regulations of the various debit and credit card organizations, or to comply with applicable local, state and federal laws and regulations.. Chase Paymentech reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement without notice at any time": "1",
        "This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2, 2014.. The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it.. The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page": "0",
        "We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.. Our new Privacy Policy is effective on January 19, 2013. To learn about how we treat information collected prior to January 19, 2013, please click here.. please review it periodically.. We're updating our Privacy Policy to highlight this new collaboration,. Important Update In September 2012, we announced that Instagram had been acquired by Facebook. We knew that by teaming up with Facebook, we could build a better Instagram for you. Since then, we've been collaborating with Facebook's team on ways to do just that. As part of our new collaboration, we've learned that by being able to share insights and information with each other, we can build better experiences for our users.. We may provide": "0",
        "We will post a notice on this Website if and when this policy changes to alert visitors that a new policy is in place.. changes to the way we use or disclose personally identifiable information will apply on a going-forward basis, unless we have your express consent to change the way we use or disclose the personally identifiable information we collected when the earlier version of this Privacy Policy was in effect.. post a notice on this Website. Material": "0",
        "Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. post any privacy policy changes on this page. email notification of privacy policy changes. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. we will provide a more prominent notice. including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page. give affected users notice. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes).": "0",
        "without notice. we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments. we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments and seek your consent for such use.. rom time to time without notice": "0",
        "we will post those changes to this privacy statement,. we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying users of the change.. Users will be notified via email prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the users? personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.. we will notify users via email.. notify users via email. the homepage,. we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate": "0",
        "Changes to This Privacy Policy and Additional Information. Last updated: June 23, 2015. you will be provided with appropriate online notice.. appropriate online notice": "0",
        "update the \"Last Updated\" date to reflect the date of the changes.. post the revised Privacy Notice on this website. e'll post the revised Privacy Notice on this website and update the \"Last Updated\" date to reflect the date of the changes.": "1",
        "": "1",
        "t any revised notice in our hospital reception area.. Kaleida Health may change our privacy practices from time to time. If we do, we will revise this notice so you will have an accurate summary of our practices. The revised notice will apply to all of your health information. Kaleida Health will post any revised notice in our hospital reception area.. You will also be able to obtain your own copy of the revised notice by accessing our website at www.Kaleidahealth.org. Kaleida Health will post any revised notice in our hospital reception area.": "0",
        "updated policy on the Sites. appropriate notice to you.. pdated policy on the Sites and change the \"last updated\" line abo. we will provide appropriate notice to you.. n line with these values, our privacy policy may change from time to time. If it does, we will post an updated policy on the Sites and change the \"last updated\" line above.": "0",
        "we may notify you by other means, such as sending an email to you. we will post the revised information here. we will post those changes to this privacy policy so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We suggest periodically visiting this page to review our policies and procedures.. If we decide to change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes to this privacy policy. posting a notice of such changes on our website. we will post those changes to this privacy policy. we will post the revised information here, with a revised \"effective date\" at the top of this privacy policy.. If there are material changes to this privacy policy or in how we will use your personal information, we may notify you by other means, such as sending an email to you. or by posting a notice of such changes on our website.": "0",
        "Notices. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions,. is your responsibility to review them for changes.. without the consent of affected customers.. Last updated. substantially all of its assets are acquired. may e-mail periodic reminders. click here.. Web site": "0",
        "we will post the updated Privacy Policy here. by means of a notice on our website. by means of a notice on our website.. notify you by email. post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify you by email": "0",
        "we will notify you of any changes to this Policy by posting a notice prominently on the main page of our website. we will notify you of any changes to this Policy by posting a notice prominently on the main page of our website (http://www.foodallergy.org) indicating that there has been a change or update to the Privacy Policy. by posting a notice prominently on the main page of our website": "0",
        "recommend that you check the posted Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check the posted Privacy Policy when you visit any of our sites. Last Update May 24, 2014. CCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS; CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY": "1",
        "Each of our customers receives a copy of our privacy policy annually.. Please take a look at the revised date at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised.. If we make a material change to our online Privacy Statement, we will post a notice on our homepage notifying users that the policy has been revised.. Revised May 29, 2015. we will post a notice on our homepage notifying users that the policy has been revised.. Please take a look at the revised date at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Each of our customers receives a copy of our privacy policy annually.": "0",
        "that policy will be posted on their site.": "0",
        "Last revised: January 07, 2014. material. If we make any material changes to our privacy practices, we will post a revised Privacy Policy on this page. I": "1",
        "We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.. by posting a notice on relevant areas of the Services.. Updated as of May 2014. we will inform you of such change via emai. we will inform you of such change via email or by posting a notice on relevant areas of the Services.": "0",
        "On our Privacy Policy Page. Last Edited on 10/2014. Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes: On our Privacy Policy Page": "0",
        "we reserve the right to contact you as necessary. by contacting you through electronic mail or other means. contact you as necessary. notice on the Site. other means. posting a notice on the Site. by contacting you through electronic mail. contacting you through electronic mail or other means.. We may notify you by posting a notice on the Site. we reserve the right to contact you as necessary in our sole discretion": "0",
        "by revising the \"effective date\" set forth above.. We will give you notice of the revised Privacy Policy by posting the revised policy on the Site and by revising the \"effective date\" set forth above.. We will give you notice of the revised Privacy Policy by posting the revised policy on the Site": "0",
        "Last updated on October 1, 2013. notify. by email. or by means of a notice on our home page.. e will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. or by means of a notice on our home page. YOU ARE BOUND BY OUR PRIVACY POLICY. e will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.. we will notify you here": "0",
        "Please check back for the most current version before relying on any of the provisions in this privacy policy.": "0",
        "posted to this page. The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page. This Privacy Policy may be changed by Time Inc. The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it.": "1",
        "by notice on this site. by other acceptable means. We may notify you of these changes by email reminders. To review the prior version of Barnes & Noble's Privacy Policy, please click here.. Effective Date: April 1, 2015. notice on this site,. email reminders. ther acceptable means.. These current privacy policies and the privacy practices described herein apply to personal information previously collected from you by Barnes & Noble, Inc. and each of its subsidiaries, as well as personal information that they may collect from you in the future.. email reminders,. notice to you at your email address": "0",
        "The revised policy will be posted on the MediaNews Web site. evised policy will be posted on the MediaNews Web site": "1",
        "Effective Date: May 7, 2015. We will indicate the notice's effective date on the first page of the notice.": "0"
    },
    "Do Not Track": {
        "": "-1",
        "(Note: Time Inc. sites do not recognize the \"do not track signals\" that some browsers may employ.)": "1",
        "Your browser or device may include Do Not Track functionality. Because a Do Not Track compliance protocol has not yet been finalized, The Atlantics information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to customers, will continue to operate as described in this privacy policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.": "1",
        "Some web browsers may transmit \"do not track\" signals to the websites and other online services with which the browser communicates. There is no standard that governs what, if anything, websites should do when they receive these signals. AOL currently does not take action in response to these signals. If and when a standard for responding is established, we may revisit its policy on responding to these signals.. AOL currently does not take action in response to these signals.": "1",
        "However, we do not currently support any browser based Do Not Track (DNT) settings or participate in any DNT frameworks, and we do not assign any meaning to potential DNT track signals you may send or alter any of our data collection or use practices in response to such signals.": "1",
        "Currently, our Sites do not respond to \"Do Not Track\" signals from your browser.": "1",
        "Our websites do not treat browsers that send a do not track signal differently from browsers that do not send one.": "1",
        "we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals,. ack (\"DNT\") is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for third party purposes, and that is why we provide the NAI \"Consumer Opt-out\" link and the DAA opt-out link above. However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.. we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.": "1",
        "we do not currently support any browser based Do Not Track (DNT). As discussed below, you may opt out of third party tracking on the Service at any time. However, we do not currently support any browser based Do Not Track (DNT) settings or participate in any DNT frameworks, and we do not assign any meaning to any potential DNT track signals you may send or alter any of our data collection or use practices in response to such signals.": "1",
        "We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.": "0",
        "Although Barnes & Noble Websites are currently unable to respond to Do Not Track Signals, you may opt out of tracking activities bv following the instructions in this Privacy Policy to opt out of IBM Coremetrics and behavioral advertising.. Although Barnes & Noble Websites are currently unable to respond to Do Not Track Signals": "0",
        "does not support Do Not Track b. MNG currently does not support Do Not Track browser settings and does not currently participate in any Do Not Track frameworks that would allow us to respond to signals or other mechanism from you regarding the collection of information, including PIN or CIN.": "1",
        "Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers. You can learn more about and opt out from receiving third party advertiser cookies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out page here.. Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers.": "1"
    },
    "Other": {
        "We will tell you about these service providers at the time you sign up for the service.. The Motley Fool, LLC (\"The Motley Fool\" or \"we\" or \"us\") is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets out our privacy practices and explains what we do with the personal information that we collect from you on www.fool.com. Please read the following to understand our practices regarding personal information and how they affect you as you use our features and services. This statement discloses our current privacy practices;. These parties are all subject to confidentiality agreements that restrict their use and disclosure of information they obtain through their relationship with The Motley Fool.. but we will specifically describe them to you when we collect the information, such as in the rules of a contest or a new service.. If you would like more information about the information we are receiving and your choices with respect to that data, please: visit the DAA opt-out program the Evidon opt-out program to learn how to opt out of having your information collected in browsers for ad serving purposes; download the Evidon Ad Control application, available for iOS and Android, to learn how to opt out of having your information collected in mobile apps; and visit the Network Advertising Initiative's opt out page.. Your interactions with these Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.. We will let you know what data, if any, we are collecting at the time.. If you follow links from our site to others, you should be aware that you are doing business with those other sites, which have their own privacy and data collection practices. The Motley Fool has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. This Privacy Statement applies to the operations of The Motley Fool, LLC, which serves users in the United States of America, and by using the sites and providing us with personal data you are consenting to our processing data in the United States and under its laws. Data handling practices and rules may differ from country to country. Each Motley Fool entity (e.g., The Motley Fool Limited, which operates fool.co.uk in the United Kingdom) may have different policies, which will apply to (and be stated on) its sites.. If you would like more information about the information we are receiving and your choices with respect to that data, please:. As for individually identifiable information, we may disclose it only under the following circumstances:. For more information about DoubleClick and how to opt-out of their tracking methods, please click here. For more information about AOL, including how to opt-out of their tracking methods, please click here. For more information about Advertising.com, and their opt-out methods, click here. For more information about opting out of advertising generally, please click here.. Many of our advertisers or partners, such as brokerages, merchants, or data providers, link from our site to areas on their own sites where they sell their own products and services. If you follow links from our site to others, you should be aware that you are doing business with those other sites, which have their own privacy and data collection practices. The Motley Fool has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies (and we may not even know what they are). For more information regarding a site and its privacy policies, check that site.. you may send snail mail to Privacy Penelope, The Motley Fool, 2000 Duke St., 4th Floor, Alexandria, VA 22314.. What else should you know about your privacy-. please email us at CS@fool.com. please go to http://www.fool.com/Community/EditAccount/EditAccount.asp. his Privacy Statement sets out our privacy practices and explains what we do with the personal information that we collect from you on www.fool.com.. The Motley Fool (or people working on our behalf, under contracts and confidentiality agreements) would then take the ad and display it to users who have told us they meet those criteria.. Cookies contain bits of information that websites transfer to your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more convenient by storing information about your preferences on a site.. This Privacy Statement applies to the operations of The Motley Fool, LLC, which serves users in the United States of America,. f you follow links from our site to others, you should be aware that you are doing business with those other sites, which have their own privacy and data collection practices. The Motley Fool has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies (and we may not even know what they are). For more information regarding a site and its privacy policies, check that site.. In general, any electronic image viewed as part of a Web page, including an ad banner, can act as a Web beacon.. This Privacy Statement answers the following questions:. If you use our recommendation service to email one of our articles to a friend, The Motley Fool will automatically send this person a one-time email, with the recommended article attached.. Please note: If you purchase products or services from us, or if you register for an account with us, we may contact you to confirm your purchase, subscription, or registration, or to provide you with information about its terms or features. You may wish to keep these transactional or relationship emails, to help you use our products and services.. Also please be aware that when you post messages on our discussion boards, people can respond to your posts through our \"Reply to Author\" email function. Of course, they still will not know your email address (unless you send email to them).. While we do our best to protect your personal information, The Motley Fool cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. What does all of this mean- Just as in the investing world, you must protect yourself. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any password and/or account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online, especially when using a computer that other people can use also.. You may wish to keep these transactional or relationship emails, to help you use our products and services.. Motley Fool Participate in the Safe Harbor Program- </strong> <br> <br> The Motley Fool complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. The Motley Fool has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, please visit www.export.gov/safeharbor/.. This Privacy Statement answers the following questions: What information does The Motley Fool gather about you- How does The Motley Fool use your personal information- Will The Motley Fool disclose any of your personal information- What kind of security measures do we take to protect your information from accidental loss or disclosure- Will The Motley Fool use your information for direct mailings- How can you deactivate your account or correct or revise information that we have about you- How do we respect children's privacy- What else should you know about your privacy- Does the Motley Fool participate in the Safe Harbor program-. we may contact you to confirm your purchase, subscription, or registration, or to provide you with information about its terms or features. You may wish to keep these transactional or relationship emails, to help you use our products and services": "0",
        "In order for online behavioral advertising opt outs from our Sites and on other sites to work on your device, your browser must be set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies, buy a new device, access our Site or other sites from a different device, login under a different screen name, or change web browsers, you will need to opt-out again. If your browser has scripting disabled, you do not need to opt out, as online behavioral advertising technology does not work when scripting is disabled. Please check your browser's security settings to validate whether scripting is active or disabled.. You're going to another website. Important reminder: In order for this online behavioral advertising opt-out to work on your device, your browser must be set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies, buy a new device, access our Site from a different device, sign in under a different screen name or change web browsers, you will need to opt out again.. Submit Cancel. Submit to opt out of online Site behavior used to provide to provide online and offline tailored content and advertising. Submit Cancel. Other technologies including pixel tags, web beacons, and clear GIFs: These may be used in connection with some Site pages, downloadable mobile applications and HTML-formatted email messages to measure the effectiveness of our communications, the success of our marketing campaigns, to compile statistics about usage and response rates, to personalize/tailor your experience while engaging with us online and offline, for fraud detection and prevention, for security purposes, for advertising, and to assist us in resolving account holders questions regarding use of our Site. Please see our <br> <br> <strong> Advertising section below for more information regarding our use of other technologies. </strong>. How We Use Personal Information We may use Personal Information:. Also, see. Third Party sites and mobile apps are not subject to Bank of America Privacy Notices. Please visit the individual sites and mobile apps for additional information on their data and privacy practices and opt out policies.. Cookie Guide The use of cookies and similar technologies is a common internet practice. We have developed a Cookie Guide to provide very general information on cookies and similar technologies.. 2015 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.. See. When accessing online account servicing areas (after you sign in), such as Online Banking or MyMerrill, you may receive tailored content and advertising based on your account relationships.. Advertising Choices You may set your choices for advertising in the following ways:. Mobile Applications Bank of America's Mobile Applications for U.S. accounts (\"Applications\") allows you to access your account balances and holdings, make deposits, transfers and pay bills on your mobile device. This Notice applies to any Personal Information or Other Information that we may collect through the Applications.. If you decide to revoke the authority you have given to an aggregation website, we strongly recommend that you change your password for the Site to ensure that the aggregation website cannot continue to access your account.. This Notice applies to any Personal Information or Other Information that we may collect through the Applications.. View cookie guide (PDF). Opt out of online behavioral advertising. Advertising Choices below Advertising Choices You may set your choices for advertising in the following ways:. Please review it periodically.. Please note that if you opt out, you may still receive untailored online advertising from Bank of America. Opting out from a specific third party site means that the ads you receive will not be tailored based on your choices or behavior.. Making sure information is accurate Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important. If your account information is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please use the Contact Us option on our Site, or call or write to us at the telephone numbers or appropriate address for changes listed on your account statements, records, online or other account materials. You can also speak to a customer representative at a banking center, your Financial Advisor or account representative.. Please see the Advertising section below for more information.. Please note that if you opt out of this advertising, you may still receive untailored advertising from Bank of America. When accessing online account servicing areas (i.e. after sign-in), such as Online Banking or MyMerrill, you may receive tailored content and advertising based on your account relationships. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online as described in this Notice to provide details on products and services in accordance with account agreements. See. Bank of America provides other online interfaces not covered by this Notice. If you visit or access your accounts from one of these sites, please review the online privacy practices of that site to understand how your online information may be collected, used and shared.. Third Party sites and mobile apps are not subject to Bank of America Privacy Notices.. We may use Personal Information:. Flash objects: As part of our solutions for online authentication, we use Flash objects (sometimes referred to as Local Shared Objects) to help us recognize you and your device when you come back to the Site. For our pages running Adobe Flash content (demos and tutorials with moving content), we use Flash objects to determine your browser type and version of Adobe Flash in order for you to view the content. We do not use Flash objects for any online behavioral advertising purpose. Deleting cookies does not delete Flash objects. You can learn more about Flash objects - including how to control and disable them - through the Adobe interface. If you choose to disable Flash objects from our Site, then you may not be able to access and use all or part of the Site or benefit from the information and services offered.. Bank of America participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) self-regulatory program, uses the Advertising Options Icon on our behavioral ads on third party sites (excluding ads appearing on platforms that do not accept the icon) and adheres to the DAA self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.. (PDFs require Adobe Reader). Continue Go back to Bank of America. The opt-out will take effect upon your next visit using the same device to Bank of America Sites. Click on. We are not responsible for the use or disclosure of any Personal Information accessed by any company or person to whom you provide your Site username and password.. Other Information is any information other than Personal Information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual, such as browser information, information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies, demographic information, other information provided by you such as your date of birth or household income, and aggregated and de-identified data.. Social media sites Bank of America provides experiences on social media platforms including, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn that enable online sharing and collaboration among users who have registered to use them. Any content you post on official Bank of America managed social media pages, such as pictures, information, opinions, or any Personal Information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms, is subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policies of those respective platforms. Please refer to them to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content. In addition, please note that when visiting any official Bank of America social media pages, you are also subject to Bank of America's Privacy Notices, Social Media User Terms and Community Guidelines. Bank of America's Mobile Applications for U.S. accounts (\"Applications\") allows you to access your account balances and holdings, make deposits, transfers and pay bills on your mobile device.. Please note that if you opt out of this advertising, you may still receive untailored advertising from Bank of America. When accessing online account servicing areas (i.e. after sign-in), such as Online Banking or MyMerrill, you may receive tailored content and advertising based on your account relationships.. Personal Information means personally identifiable information such as information you provide via forms, surveys, applications or other online fields including name, postal or email addresses, telephone, fax or mobile numbers, or account numbers.. Opting out also means that the online content and advertising you receive on our non-servicing sites (i.e. before sign-in) will be untailored and will not be based on your online behavior or your relationship.. Important Notice. Collecting and Using Information Personal Information We Collect Online Personal Information means personally identifiable information such as information you provide via forms, surveys, applications or other online fields including name, postal or email addresses, telephone, fax or mobile numbers, or account numbers.. We and our third-party service providers may collect and use Other Information in a variety of ways, including:. This U.S. Online Privacy Notice (Notice) applies to this Bank of America online interface (i.e., website or mobile application) and any Bank of America U.S. affiliate or subsidiary online interface that links to this Notice, (each, a Site, and, collectively, Sites). The term \"Bank of America\" or \"we\" or \"us\" or \"our\" in this Notice refers to banking and non-banking U.S. affiliates or subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation that link to this Notice. This Notice describes how Sites may collect, use and share information from or about you, and explains how information may be collected and used for advertising purposes.. Please refer to them to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content.. collected through our social media pages and other online interactions with you to assist in verifying your identity and account status. We may combine this online information with information collected from offline sources or information we already have;. Please note that if you opt out, you may still receive untailored online advertising from Bank of America.. Protecting individual health information To the extent that we receive, maintain, or process an individual's protected health information, Bank of America may disclose that information as authorized by and in accordance with applicable federal and/or state law.. If you opt out, though, you may still receive generic advertising.. Last updated July 24, 2014. To learn more about relationship-based ads, online behavioral advertising and our privacy practices, please review the Bank of America Online Privacy Notice and our Online Privacy FAQs.. Please visit bankofamerica.com/security for additional information.. Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender. Additional information on our Privacy Security practices may be found on our Sites and within Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs). Although the additional information is provided as a resource, the terms and conditions of this Notice control, and by using the Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Notice.. You may wish to review information at the third party site, such as social media platforms where you have an account, to determine how these third parties collect and treat such information. Using other aggregation websites Other companies offer aggregation websites and services that allow you to consolidate your financial account information from different sources (such as your accounts with us or with other financial institutions) so that you can view all your account information at one online location. To do this, an aggregation provider may request access to Personal Information, such as financial information, usernames and passwords. You should use caution and ensure that the aggregator company has appropriate policies and practices to protect the privacy and security of any information you provide or to which they are gaining access. We are not responsible for the use or disclosure of any Personal Information accessed by any company or person to whom you provide your Site username and password.. If you provide your Site username, password or other information about your accounts with us to an aggregation website, we will consider that you have authorized all transactions or actions initiated by an aggregation website using access information you provide, whether or not you were aware of a specific transaction or action. If you decide to revoke the authority you have given to an aggregation website, we strongly recommend that you change your password for the Site to ensure that the aggregation website cannot continue to access your account.. We may combine this online information with information collected from offline sources or information we already have;. We use such information to:. <strong> Linking to other sites </strong> <br> <br> We may provide links to third party sites, such as credit bureaus, service providers or merchants. If you follow links to sites not affiliated or controlled by Bank of America, you should review their privacy and security policies and other terms and conditions, as they may be different from those of our Sites. Bank of America does not guarantee and is not responsible for the privacy or security of these sites, including the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of their information. <br>. Deleting cookies does not delete Flash objects.. We strive to provide you with information about products and services you might find interesting and useful. Relationship-based ads and online behavioral advertising help us do that.. When you opt out, we will not use information based on online Site behavior to provide online and offline tailored content and advertising to you, but you may still receive untailored advertising from Bank of America. In addition, financial advisors/Client Managers may continue to use information collected online to provide product and service information in accordance with account agreements.. Some of our tailored ads are online behavioral advertising, and may be served using data collected by third party providers. Ads served on our behalf by these companies do not contain unencrypted Personal Information and we limit the use of information by companies that serve our ads. To learn more about this practice and your choices in connection with it, see the section. Please see the Bank of America U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice for information on how Personal Information may be shared and how you may be able to limit certain types of sharing.. Also, if you opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may still see ads when you sign in to your account, for example through Online Banking or MyMerrill. These ads are based on your specific account relationships with us.. Click on. Please see our Advertising section below for more information regarding our use of other technologies.. Visit the Federal Trade Commission website for more information about the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).. If your browser has scripting disabled, you do not need to opt out, as online behavioral advertising technology does not work when scripting is disabled. Please check your browser's security settings to validate whether scripting is active or disabled.. 1.888.341.5000. HomeAccessible BankingPrivacy Security CareersSite Map Advertising Practices Advertising Practices. We have developed a Cookie Guide to provide very general information on cookies and similar technologies.. Some of these activities have additional rules, which may contain additional information about how Personal Information is used and shared;. Before you go, we want you to know the site owner is responsible for what's on their site. Also, their privacy practices and level of security may be different from ours, so please review their policies.. Important Reminder section below. Bank managed Direct Marketing: If you prefer we not deliver you marketing offers in email, postal mail or through telemarketing you may manage your direct marketing choices online or: by telephone at 1.888.341.5000 -our menu will prompt you through the choices, through your assigned account representative (e.g., Financial Advisor, Mortgage Loan Officer) or a representative at a banking cente. In addition, please note that when visiting any official Bank of America social media pages, you are also subject to Bank of America's Privacy Notices, Social Media User Terms and Community Guidelines. You have successfully opted out of online behavioral advertising. Opting out also means the online content and advertising you receive on our non-servicing sites (before you sign in) will be untailored and will not be based on your online behavior or your relationship with us.. You should use caution and ensure that the aggregator company has appropriate policies and practices to protect the privacy and security of any information you provide or to which they are gaining access.. Please check your browser's security settings to validate whether scripting is active or": "0",
        "What are Cookies? A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can recognize you when you revisit and remember certain information about you. This can include which pages you have visited, choices you have made from menus, any specific information you have entered into forms and the time and date of your visit.. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Paymentech, LLC's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.. Chase Paymentech does not have direct relationships with, or collect information directly from, individual consumers other than in their capacity as owners or operators of a commercial enterprise. Chase Paymentech does not provide services for consumer, personal, family or household purposes. The information we receive and collect is strictly related to our business customers and the payment transactions that we assist them in executing, as well as from prospective or potential business customers or website visitors who may be interested in learning more about our services (\"Customer Data\").. To manage your use of cookies there are various resources available to you, for example the \"Help\" section on your browser may assist you.. Inquiries If you have a question or comment regarding this Privacy Statement, please contact: Chase Paymentech Solutions Chief Compliance Officer 14221 Dallas Parkway Dallas, Texas 75254 Chase Paymentech Solutions Safe Harbor Privacy Contact Legal Department 14221 Dallas Parkway Dallas, Texas 75254. We are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and will ensure that all personal information collected by us is kept and treated in accordance with this privacy policy.. Chase Paymentech's customers, the customers of its affiliates, and the customers of other third-parties for which Chase Paymentech may provide outsourced or subcontracted processing services, (\"Merchants\") are businesses and other legal entities desiring to accept credit or debit cards or other payment methods, as payment for goods or services.. Please check the relevant third party website for more information about their use of cookies. Where this site allows such cookies to be set or you access other websites from this site using the links provided, the operators of these websites will use cookies in accordance with their own cookies policy, which may differ from ours.. Types of cookies: There are two main types of cookies: Session cookies: these are temporary cookies that expire at the end of a browser session; that is, when you leave the site. Session cookies allow the website to recognize you as you navigate between pages during a single browser session and allow you to use the website most efficiently. For example, session cookies enable a website to remember that a user has placed items in an online shopping basket. Persistent cookies: in contrast to session cookies, persistent cookies are stored on your equipment between browsing sessions until expiry or deletion. They therefore enable the website to \"recognize\" you on your return remember your preferences and tailor services to you. In addition to session cookies and persistent cookies, there may be other cookies which are set by the website which you have chosen to visit, such as this website, in order to provide us or third parties with information.. Customer Data and Cardholder Data Use and disclosure of Customer Data collected by Chase Paymentech varies based on the information source and type, as set forth below:. This statement explains the policies we follow with respect to the handling of customer information collected by Chase Paymentech.. Responsibility of Merchants Merchants are also required to comply with various rules and regulations of the various credit and debit card organizations and networks relating to the security and safeguarding Cardholder Data, including, but not limited to, PCI, CISP and SDP. Merchants may be required to undergo periodic third-party data security assessments and periodic network scans to ensure that appropriate security measures are in place.. Chase Paymentech Solutions, LLC and its operating entity Paymentech, LLC (collectively, \"Chase Paymentech\") are committed to safeguarding the privacy and security of the information we collect. This Privacy Statement explains the policies we follow with respect to the handling of customer information collected by Chase Paymentech. This Privacy Statement covers the services provided by Chase Paymentech to our merchant customers, including merchant customers using the Chase Mobile Checkout application.. Use and disclosure of Customer Data collected by Chase Paymentech varies based on the information source and type, as set forth below:. Third-Party Web Sites. Chase Paymentech may create links to third-party Web sites. In addition, Chase Paymentech may authorize third-parties to create links to Chase Paymentech websites. Chase Paymentech is not responsible for the content or privacy practices employed by third-party Web sites. Nor does Chase Paymentech control or warrant the utility, merchantability or workmanship of the products or services offered at third-party Web sites.. Additional information regarding the requirements of VISA's CISP and Mastercard's Site Data Protection program (SDP) can be found on the VISA, Inc. and MasterCard International Web sites.. (Last modified January, 2015). If any consumers in the EU have any questions about our handling of their EU Cardholder Data, such consumers should first contact the Merchant as this may be the most efficient means of addressing such issues. Consumers in the EU may also reach out to the CPL Safe Harbor Privacy Contact in the Legal Department at Chase Paymentech Solutions, 14221 Dallas Parkway, Dallas, Texas, 75254. Questions that are not otherwise resolved with the Merchant and/or CPL may also be directed to local EU data protection authorities.. Chase Paymentech Solutions, 14221 Dallas Parkway, Dallas, Texas, 75254. Questions that are not otherwise resolved with the Merchant and/or CPL may also be directed to local EU data protection authorities.": "0",
        "These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf. These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you, and relate your Service usage information to other information about you, including your personal information. We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both personal information and Service usage information, and use such information along with offline and online information obtained from other sources (including third parties) such as demographic information and updated contact information (where that information has been lawfully disclosed to us) for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content.. We may combine information we receive with outside records and share such information with third parties for use on our behalf to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you.. Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Personal Information We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates.. Thank you for visiting Fortune, or using our mobile device applications (the \"Apps\") or other services (together with the Apps, the \"Services\"), Services within the network of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries, each of which have adopted this Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Time Inc. and its subsidiaries. Click here for a list of the sites of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries which are governed by this Privacy Notice.. To find out more about your opt-out rights, please contact us as described in the \"How to Contact Us\" section below.. Your right to review, update, correct, and delete your personal information may be limited, subject to the law or your jurisdiction: (i) if your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive, (ii) where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be encroached upon, or (iii) if the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us, or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity. Your right to review, update, correct and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law, including any statutory retention requirements.. For information on managing Flash cookies, for example, see http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.. this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.. You should consult the other sites' and services' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties or their use of your information.. HTML 5: HTML5, the language some Web sites are coded in, may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Service usage activities. This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services, such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors, how they can be improved, and to customize them for our users.. Time Inc. sites will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.. Attention: Consumer Affairs 3000 University Center Drive Tampa, Florida 33612-6408 http://www.fortune.com/. We may combine information we receive with outside records. Time Inc. has no control over the third parties' use of this information.. Time Inc. sites may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements, including online behavioral advertisements, that you may see on the web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements. This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you (e.g., type of browser, operating system, domain name, day and time of visit, page(s) visited) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information (e.g., cookies, web beacons and clear gifs).. We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates.. If you wish to block cookies, go to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ to find out how, or check your browser.s instructions.. How to Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about the Time Inc. Privacy Notice or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to: Attention: Consumer Affairs 3000 University Center Drive Tampa, Florida 33612-6408 http://www.fortune.com/. Thereafter, we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity.. For more information on advertisements and your behavioral advertising options, visit our About Ads page and our Network Advertising Initiatives page.. At our election, instead of deleting such information, we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records. By contacting us, you may also object to our further use of your personal information if you have compelling legitimate grounds (this may involve closing your account). We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete any information.. These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy above.": "1",
        "We collect the following types of information.. We're updating our Privacy Policy to highlight this new collaboration, but we want to make sure you understand that you still have control over who sees your photos. You still get to choose who can see your Instagram photos, and you still get to choose whether you post your photos on Facebook. So while we're looking forward to working closely with Facebook to build better experiences, we aren't changing the core features of the app that you've come to know and love.. You understand and agree that you are responsible for any charges that apply to communications sent from your device, and because this invitation is coming directly from your personal account, Instagram does not have access to or control this communication.. Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by Instagram.. Our new Privacy Policy is effective on January 19, 2013.. Privacy Policy Effective date: January 19, 2013. If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties using the Instagram API have copied or saved that information.. Storage and Processing:. Metadata: Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content. For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted.. We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party's own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow them to access your User Content you do so at your own risk.. Our Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, web site, and any software provided on or in connection with Instagram services (collectively, the \"Service\"), and your choices about the collection and use of your information.. The use of the Instagram API is subject to the API Terms of Use which incorporates the terms of this Privacy Policy.. 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT We collect the following types of information.. Subject to your profile and privacy settings, any User Content that you make public is searchable by other Users and subject to use under our Instagram API. The use of the Instagram API is subject to the API Terms of Use which incorporates the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties using the Instagram API have copied or saved that information.. To learn about how we treat information collected prior to January 19, 2013, please click here.. Note about \"Invite Friends\" feature: If you choose to invite someone to the Service through our \"Invite friends\" feature, you may select a person directly from the contacts list on your device and send a text or email from your personal account. You understand and agree that you are responsible for any charges that apply to communications sent from your device, and because this invitation is coming directly from your personal account, Instagram does not have access to or control this communication.. Click on the links below to jump to each section of this Policy: Information We Collect How We Use Your Information Sharing of Your Information How We Store Your Information Your Choices About Your Information Children's Privacy Other Websites and Services How to Contact Us About a Deceased User How to Contact Us Changes to Our Privacy Policy. Welcome to Instagram (\"Instagram,\" \"we,\" \"us\" or \"our\"). Instagram provides a fast, beautiful and fun way for you to share media through our content-sharing platform. Just snap a photo, choose a filter to transform the look and feel, add comments (if you like) and share!. Finding your friends on Instagram: If you choose, you can use our \"Find friends\" feature to locate other people with Instagram accounts either through (i) your contacts list, (ii) third-party social media sites or (iii) through a search of names and usernames on Instagram.. Users can add or may have Metadata added to their User Content including a hashtag (e.g., to mark keywords when you post a photo), geotag (e.g., to mark your location to a photo), comments or other data. This makes your User Content more searchable by others and more interactive. If you geotag your photo or tag your photo using other's APIs then, your latitude and longitude will be stored with the photo and searchable (e.g., through a location or map feature) if your photo is made public by you in accordance with your privacy settings.. Learn more about reviewing or modifying your account information.. In September 2012, we announced that Instagram had been acquired by Facebook. We knew that by teaming up with Facebook, we could build a better Instagram for you. Since then, we've been collaborating with Facebook's team on ways to do just that. As part of our new collaboration, we've learned that by being able to share insights and information with each other, we can build better experiences for our users.. Learn more about deleting your account.. Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content. For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted. Users can add or may have Metadata added to their User Content including a hashtag (e.g., to mark keywords when you post a photo), geotag (e.g., to mark your location to a photo), comments or other data. This makes your User Content more searchable by others and more interactive. If you geotag your photo or tag your photo using other's APIs then, your latitude and longitude will be stored with the photo and searchable (e.g., through a location or map feature) if your photo is made public by you in accordance with your privacy settings.. Welcome to Instagram (\"Instagram,\" \"we,\" \"us\" or \"our\"). Instagram provides a fast, beautiful and fun way for you to share media through our content-sharing platform. Just snap a photo, choose a filter to transform the look and feel, add comments (if you like) and share! Our Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, web site, and any software provided on or in connection with Instagram services (collectively, the \"Service\"), and your choices about the collection and use of your information.. You will continue to own your User Content. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please find the appropriate support channel in the Instagram Help Center at which to contact us.. Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Instagram, its Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities.. However, Instagram cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to Instagram or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.. Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and Instagram, at all times. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to Instagram make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.. Instagram, its Affiliates, or Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.. If you choose, you can use our \"Find friends\" feature to locate other people with Instagram accounts either through (i) your contacts list, (ii) third-party social media sites or (iii) through a search of names and usernames on Instagram. If you choose to find your friends through (i) your device's contacts list, then Instagram will access your contacts list to determine whether or not someone associated with your contact is using Instagram. If you choose to find your friends through a (ii) third-party social media site, then you will be prompted to set up a link to the third-party service and you understand that any information that such service may provide to us will be governed by this Privacy Policy. If you choose to find your friends (iii) through a search of names or usernames on Instagram then simply type a name to search and we will perform a search on our Service.. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.. Welcome to Instagram (\"Instagram,\" \"we,\" \"us\" or \"our\"). Instagram provides a fast, beautiful and fun way for you to share media through our content-sharing platform. Just snap a photo, choose a filter to transform the look and feel, add comments (if you like) and share! Our Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, web site, and any software provided on or in connection with Instagram services (collectively, the \"Service\"), and your choices about the collection and use of your information. By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post content, including photos, comments and other materials (\"User Content\"), to the Service and to share User Content publicly. This means that other Users may search for, see, use, or share any of your User Content that you make publicly available through the Service, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use (which can be found at http://instagram.com/about/legal/terms/). Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (\"Users\").. Effective date: January 19, 2013. In the event of the death of an Instagram User,. 4. HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION Storage and Processing:. In the event of the death of an Instagram User, please contact us. We will usually conduct our communication via email; should we require any other information, we will contact you at the email address you have provided in your request.. Parties with whom we may share your information:. More information is available in our About Cookies section": "1",
        "Privacy Policy Effective Date: January 1, 2013.. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT? HOW CAN YOU MAKE CHOICES ABOUT THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU? ADVERTISING LINKS TO OTHER (THIRD PARTY) WEBSITES HOW DO WE SECURE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION? CHILDREN CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS HOW TO CONTACT US. The Media Research Center (THE MRC or we) is the owner and operator of NewsBusters.org (the Website), a multimedia news and commentary website.. We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on our Website. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to our Website and other websites you have visited. This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third partys specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our Site and our Services on an aggregated basis.. In this Privacy Policy (Policy), we describe the information that we collect about you as you use our Website and our products and services contained in our Website (collectively, our Services). This Policy applies to information that we collect online and offline.. You may request this information in writing by contacting us at: administrator @mrc.org or Privacy Request, The Media Research Center, 325 South Patrick Street, Alexandria, Virginia 22314.. Questions and comments regarding this Privacy Policy, or to review and/or correct your personal information gathered by MRC, or to inform MRC that you do not want your information shared, should be directed to administrator@mrc.org.. We are operated entirely within the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please note that any information including personal data that we collect about you will be transferred to and processed in the United States. You hereby consent to these transfers.. WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM AND ABOUT YOU INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY WHEN USING OUR SERVICES HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION? WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT? HOW CAN YOU MAKE CHOICES ABOUT THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU? ADVERTISING LINKS TO OTHER (THIRD PARTY) WEBSITES HOW DO WE SECURE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION? CHILDREN CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS HOW TO CONTACT US. These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third partys specific privacy policy, not this one.. VI. LINKS TO OTHER (THIRD PARTY) WEBSITES THE MRC may provide links to content or advertisements created, offered, sponsored, or available at third party websites. Your interactions with these third party websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, but rather the privacy policies posted on those linked websites. THE MRC is not responsible for your access to and use of these websites or any information you may share with them.. We have no control over how a third party account uses or discloses the personally identifiable information that you provide to it. We may store the information that we collect from the third party account along with the other information that we collect from you or receive about you": "0",
        "We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.. Privacy Policy Last modified: June 30, 2015 ( view archived versions). There are many different ways you can use our services - to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies:. We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services - for example to make it easier to share things with people you know. We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent.. Information we collect when you are signed in to Google may be associated with your Google Account. When information is associated with your Google Account, we treat it as personal information. hen updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.. We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other Google services. Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.. Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account.. When you use Google services, you trust us with your information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. This is important; we hope you will take time to read it carefully.. There are many different ways you can use our services - to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. When you share information with us, for example by creating a Google Account, we can make those services even better - to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include Google services, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.. When this Privacy Policy applies Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates, including YouTube, and services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.. When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate an identifier from cookies or similar technologies with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.. Our Privacy Policy explains: What information we collect and why we collect it. How we use that information. The choices we offer, including how to access and update information.. Information you share Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines, including Google. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content.. Information we collect when you are signed in to Google may be associated with your Google Account. When information is associated with your Google Account, we treat it as personal information. For more information about how you can access, manage or delete information that is associated with your Google Account, visit the Transparency and choice section of this policy.. We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.. Other useful privacy and security related materials Further useful privacy and security related materials can be found through Google's policies and principles pages, including: Information about our technologies and principles, which includes, among other things, more information on how Google uses cookies. technologies we use for advertising. how we recognize patterns like faces. A page that explains what data is shared with Google when you visit websites that use our advertising, analytics and social products. Google's safety center, which provides information on how to stay safe and secure online.. Last modified: June 30, 2015 ( view archived versions). Specific product practices The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use: Chrome and Chrome OS Books Payments Fiber. For more information about some of our most popular services, you can visit the Google Product Privacy Guide.. Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live.. We've tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you're not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these key terms first. Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices - and if you have any questions contact us.. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).. Compliance and cooperation with regulatory authorities We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.. Our Google Analytics product helps businesses and site owners analyze the traffic to their websites and apps. When used in conjunction with our advertising services, such as those using the DoubleClick cookie, Google Analytics information is linked, by the Google Analytics customer or by Google, using Google technology, with information about visits to multiple sites.. People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can:": "1",
        "techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com,. e-mailing us at techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com,. What Information Is Collected?. We believe you should have choices about the collection, use and sharing of your information. Although you cannot opt-out of all data collection when you visit our sites, you can limit the collection, use and sharing of your information.. When we run a contest or sweepstakes or game relating to our Sites, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest, sweepstakes or game will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed if it is different than as described in this privacy policy. In conjunction with your entry in such contest or sweepstakes, personally identifiable information will be collected only if you voluntarily submit it.. techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com.. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com specifying that you seek your California Customer Choice Notice. Please allow thirty days for a response.. Telephone. By visiting our Sites, you are accepting the practices described in our privacy policy, including our use of cookies and similar online tools. If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use the Sites. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our privacy policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this privacy policy retroactively or to personally identifiable information already in our possession, we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments and seek your consent for such use. What Information Is Collected? How Do the Sites Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies? How Do We Use Your Information? Who Can See Your Information? What Are Your Choices? Other Important Information Governing Law & Notice to Non-U.S. Users Questions About this Policy; Access to Your Information. We do not control these third parties tracking technologies, how they may be used, or the information they may collect and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of those third parties.. techtrouble(at)theatlantic(dot)com. This privacy policy does not apply to Sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link or who may link to us. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third party websites.. Email: Telephone: (800)234-2411 (United States) (515) 237-3670 (International) Postal Service: Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc. ATTN: General Counsel 600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW Washington, DC 20037 For Print Subscriptions: Atlantic Customer Care PO Box 37564 Boone, IA 50037-0564 theatlantic@cdsfulfillment.com. As a general matter, you can browse the Sites without submitting your personally identifiable information to us. However, there are a number of circumstances in which you may supply us with your personally identifiable information, including when you subscribe to our publications, newsletters, and other content; place an order; register for a Site or any part thereof; complete a survey or participate in market research; enter a contest; upload content; or when you seek employment at The Atlantic.. If you are located outside the United States of America, you should be aware that information about you will be transferred to the United States of America. If you are located in a country outside the United States of America and voluntarily submit personally identifiable information to us, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States of America.": "0",
        "This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by RedOrbit, Inc. only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.. Supplementation of Information In order for this Web site to properly fulfill its obligation to users it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources.. This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, RedOrbit Inc., are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.. Customer Service We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes.. Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an outside party.. Third Party Cookies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp. If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp. Service Announcements On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.. If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: Web site URL : new.www.redorbit.com. These are the instances in which we will share users personal information:. Information Collection and Use Information Collection RedOrbit, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on RedOrbit.com. RedOrbit, Inc. collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.. Clear Gifs can \"work with\" existing cookies on a computer if they are both from the same Web site or advertising company. That means, for example, that if a person visited 'www.companyX.com', which uses an advertising company's clear gif, the Web would match the clear gif's identifier and the advertising company's cookie ID number, to show the past online behavior for that computer.. This privacy statement covers the site new.www.redorbit.com. Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to our users' privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices. What personally identifiable information RedOrbit, Inc. collects. What personally identifiable information third parties collect through the Web site. What organization collects the information. How RedOrbit, Inc. uses the information. With whom RedOrbit, Inc. may share user information. What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information. What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under RedOrbit, Inc. control. How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information.. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. The main difference between the two is that clear gifs are invisible on the page and are much smaller, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Clear gifs are not tied to users? personally identifiable information.. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.. Contact Information. RedOrbit, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on RedOrbit.com.. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users' personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.. Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user.. Cookies A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising.": "0",
        "We collect and receive information about users in a few different ways:. this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected on different websites and online services.. Note that some of these companies participate in industry-developed programs designed to provide consumers with choices about whether to receive targeted ads. To learn more, please visit the websites of the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance. For more information about privacy and advertising on our Services, please visit Advertising, Analytics and Privacy.. For example: If we notice that Huffington Post users in general prefer national political commentary, we might put that content in a special place on the website or in the app; If we notice that a user is searching for sports cars on AOL Autos, we might show the user an ad for a sports car on AOL.com or on other sites in the AOL Advertising Network; and If we receive information from users that a Service isn't working properly, we may use that information to address any problem.. International users. At AOL, it's our mission to provide users with rich, interactive online experiences. From Pulitzer-Prize winning journalism on the Huffington Post, to the latest technology news on TechCrunch, to up-to-the-minute traffic information on MapQuest, our websites, apps, and other services and software are designed to keep you informed, entertained and delighted. We also operate some of the industry's best-known advertising services, including Adap.tv and Advertising.com.. Some of the ways we do this are: Showing you ads based on your online activities, such as the websites and applications you use, the content you view, and the searches you submit on those applications Limiting the number of times you see the same ad; and Measuring the effectiveness of the ads we serve. Learn more about advertising and privacy on our Services.. AOL Privacy Policy. Third Parties that Provide Content, Advertising Services, or Functionality on Our Services. If and when a standard for responding is established, we may revisit its policy on responding to these signals.. Visit our Advertising, Analytics and Privacy page to learn more about your choices related to use of your information for online advertising.. AOL is based in the United States, and, regardless of where you use our Services or otherwise provide information to us, the information may be transferred to and maintained on servers located in the U.S. Please note that any information we obtain about you will be stored in accordance with U.S. privacy laws, regulations, and standarsds, which may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence.. How We Use the Information We Collect and Receive We use the information we collect and receive for the following general purposes:. Information We Collect and Receive We collect and receive information about users in a few different ways:. Information you give us. To learn more, please visit the websites of the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance. For more information about privacy and advertising on our Services, please visit Advertising, Analytics and Privacy.. AOL is now part of the Verizon family of companies. Additional privacy practices are described in the Verizon Privacy Policy. In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Verizon Privacy Policy, the AOL Privacy Policy will control when you are on an AOL site or using and AOL product or service.. It's important to remember that we don't control the privacy practices of these (or any other) third-party services. So we encourage you to read the privacy policies of the services before connecting to them.. (Your use of AOL financial features is subject to additional privacy terms.). This Privacy Policy describes how we handle the information we collect and receive about users. There are three things you should keep in mind as you read it: First, the Privacy Policy applies to AOL services that link to or refer to this Privacy Policy. These services include websites, mobile apps, other online services and anything else that links to or refers to this policy. To keep things simple, we refer to all these services as our \"Services.\" Second, the Privacy Policy applies no matter what computer or device you use to access our Services. Third, we may provide additional information about the privacy practices of some of our Services. Although this Privacy Policy applies to all AOL services that refer or link to it, you should read the additional information, too. Some of this information is linked from various places in the Privacy Policy, and some is available through the individual Services that you use. We've done our best to keep this Privacy Policy short and simple, but if you have any questions about it, we hope you'll let us know.. For more information about our privacy practices in connection with mobile devices, please review the Supplemental Mobile Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.). By mail: AOL Children's Online Privacy ATT: H2A:C05 22000 AOL Way Dulles, VA 20166-9302 By phone: (888) 206-6088 By email International users. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view AOLs certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.. How to Contact Us If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about AOL's privacy practices in general, please send us an email.. (Note that by \"device,\" we mean anything you use to access our Services. For more information about our privacy practices in connection with mobile devices, please review the Supplemental Mobile Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.). To provide effective advertising . Many of our Services are supported by advertising, and some of our Services provide advertising on our websites and apps, and on third-party websites and apps.. Note that these preferences do not apply to communications that are directly related to your registration with AOL or the fulfillment of a specific transaction you have requested (for example, a service advisory from AOL or an acknowledgment of a purchase order).. If you're using a mobile device, please visit our Mobile Device Choices page for information about the choices we provide to mobile users.. Choices You have a number of choices about how we handle your information:. We use the information we collect and receive for the following general purposes:": "1",
        "Mark Faris Online Privacy Coordinator Gannett Law Department 7950 Jones Branch Drive McLean, VA 22107. This Privacy Notice discloses the privacy practices of our website, mobile site or app (the \"Site\"). Specifically, it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using the Site, and the ways in which we use and share this information. This Privacy Notice does not apply to any information you may provide to us, or that we may collect, offline and/or through other means (for example, at a live event, via telephone, or through the mail).. Privacy Policy Last Updated: January 3, 2013 We take seriously your interest in how your information is collected and used. Please read the following to understand about our privacy practices.. If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, our privacy practices, or your dealings with us, you can contact: Mark Faris Online Privacy Coordinator Gannett Law Department 7950 Jones Branch Drive McLean, VA 22107. Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information or other private information available for viewing by third parties online - for example on blogs, discussion forums, or other community posting or social networking areas of our Site - that information can be seen, collected and used by others besides us. We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information.. In some cases, the provider partner may collect information from you directly, in which cases the Privacy Notice of our provider partner may apply to the provider partner's use of your information. The Privacy Notice of our provider partners may differ from ours. If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Notice of one of our provider partners, you should contact the provider partner directly for more information.. The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers is governed by the relevant third party's privacy policy and is not covered by our Privacy Notice.. The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers are governed by the relevant third party's Privacy Notice and are not covered by our Privacy Notice.. lease read this Privacy Notice carefully. By visiting and using the Site, you agree that your use of our Site, and any dispute over our online privacy practices, is governed by this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service.. For information about use of your information by us and by third-party advertising service providers for advertising, see the section \" Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting.\". Our Site also includes links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another website or purchase products or services from a third-party, use of any information you provide is governed by the Privacy Notice of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services.. contact. We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information.": "1",
        "Last Revised: December 23, 2013. A. The Service will at times place and/or store code or other types of information and/or devices (e.g., cookies) on your computer, mobile or other device (Local Device Storage). We may use Local Device Storage for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to determine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns, to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns, the movements of individual users, and your geographic location, to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, to analyze trends, to conduct research, to deliver editorial content, to record registration and personalization information, and to otherwise administer the Service. For example, if you register on any part of the Service and are given the option to save your user name and password, we may provide this convenience to you via Local Device Storage. Local Device Storage may also collect and store your personally identifiable information, which may be shared with our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates and other companies.. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement and privacy policy. California privacy rights.. If you have a complaint about another user, click here. A. The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways we treat personally identifiable and other information about you and your computer, mobile or other device when you access, visit and/or use the Service. This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected elsewhere, including without limitation offline and on sites, applications, destinations, or services linked to from the Service.. PRIVACY POLICY 1. The Type of Information the Service Collects :. I. We reserve the right to identify you from your Registration Information and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you, your offline and online behavior, and/or your computer, mobile or other device (including its geographic location), with your Registration Information and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose.. Privacy Policy Coordinator, Opt-Out Requests and Other Privacy Questions : If you have any other concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy, please feel free to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as follows: Privacy Policy Coordinator American City Business Journals, Inc. 120 W. Morehead St. Charlotte, NC 28202. 2015 American City Business Journals. All Rights Reserved.. For communications on other matters, please contact us through the means described on the Service, if available (for example, in the Contact Us section).. Note: Only inquiries about this policy or your personal information should be sent to the Privacy Policy Coordinator. No other communications will be accepted or responded to.. Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, servers and databases located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction. Please be advised that we may transfer your information to and from any state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction, and process it in the United States or elsewhere. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to any such transfer.. C. In addition to Local Device Storage, we may use web beacons, web bugs, clear gifs, and similar technologies (collectively, together with Local Device Storage, the Tracking Technologies). We use Tracking Technologies for all or some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage.. Last Revised: December 23, 2013 To jump to our Privacy Policy, click here To opt-out of Third Party Tracking Technologies, click here To opt-out of Third Party Sharing, click here If you have a complaint about another user, click here Kids and parents click here. Make sure to include enough information for us to help you, including for example your name, contact information, and the specific website, mobile site, application, and/or other service youre contacting us about.. While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties.": "1",
        "Your request must state a time period within the past six years for the disclosures you want us to include. For example, you may request a list of the disclosures that we made the previous year between January 1 and June 1. You have a right to receive one accounting within every 12 month period for free. However, we may charge you for the cost of providing any additional accounting in that same 12 month period. Kaleida Health will always notify you of any cost involved so that you may choose to withdraw or modify your request before any costs are incurred.. To do so, please call the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer at 716-859-8559. You may also obtain a copy of this notice from our website at www.Kaleidahealth.org, or by requesting a copy at your next visit.. Kaleida Health Privacy Officer at 716-859-8559.. WHO WILL FOLLOW THIS NOTICE? Kaleida Health provides health care to patients along with physicians and other health care professionals and organizations. The privacy practices described in this notice will be followed by the following persons at Buffalo General Medical Center, Gates Vascular Institute, Women's and Children's Hospital of Buffalo, Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital, DeGraff Memorial Hospital, and Kaleida Health affiliated clinics and laboratories: Any health care professional who treats you at any of these locations; All employees, medical staff, trainees, students or volunteers at any of these locations; Any business associates of these facilities (which are described further below).. To request an accounting of disclosures, please write to the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14210.. Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14210.. nder certain very limited circumstances, Kaleida Health may deny your request to inspect or obtain a copy of your information. If we do, Kaleida Health will provide you with a summary of the information instead. Kaleida Health will also provide a written notice that explains our reasons for providing only a summary, and a complete description of your rights to have that decision reviewed and how you can exercise those rights. The notice will also include information on how to file a complaint about these issues with us or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. If we have reason to deny only part of your request, Kaleida Health will provide complete access to the remaining parts after excluding the information we cannot let you inspect or copy.. To revoke a written authorization, please write to the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14210 to revoke such authorization.. Kaleida Health provides health care to patients along with physicians and other health care professionals and organizations. The privacy practices described in this notice will be followed by the following persons at Buffalo General Medical Center, Gates Vascular Institute, Women's and Children's Hospital of Buffalo, Millard Fillmore Suburban Hospital, DeGraff Memorial Hospital, and Kaleida Health affiliated clinics and laboratories:. To request an amendment, please write to the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14210.. How Someone May Act On Your Behalf. You have the right to name a personal representative who may act on your behalf to control the privacy of your health information. Parents and guardians will generally have the right to control the privacy of health information about minors unless the minors are permitted by law to act on their own behalf.. You will also be able to obtain your own copy of the revised notice by accessing our website at www.Kaleidahealth.org, calling our office at 716-859-8559 or asking for one at the time of your next visit.. breach. Kaleida Health will not be required to obtain your general written consent before using or disclosing your information for these reasons. Kaleida Health will, however, obtain your written authorization for, or provide you with an opportunity to object to, the use and disclosure of your health information in these situations when state law specifically requires that we do so.. 716-859-8559. Kaleida Health will respond to your request for inspection of records within 10 days. Kaleida Health ordinarily will respond to requests for copies within 30 days if the information is located in our facility, and within 60 days if it is located off-site at another facility. If we need additional time to respond to a request for copies, we will notify you in writing within the time frame above to explain the reason for the delay and when you can expect to have a final answer to your request.. Except as noted above, Kaleida Health is not required to agree to your request for a restriction, and in some cases the restriction you request may not be permitted under law. However, if Kaleida Health does agree, we will be bound by our agreement unless the information is needed to provide you with emergency treatment or comply with the law. Once Kaleida Health has agreed to a restriction, you have the right to revoke the restriction at any time. Under some circumstances, Kaleida will also have the right to revoke the restriction as long as we notify you before doing so; in other cases, we will need your permission before we can revoke the restriction.. Protections For HIV, Alcohol and Substance Abuse, and Mental Health. Special privacy protections apply to HIV-related information and Behavioral Health Information (including alcohol and substance abuse treatment information, and mental health information). Some parts of this general Notice of Privacy Practices may not apply to these types of information.. Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, New York 14210.. To revoke your general written consent, please write to the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, New York 14210.. Partially de-identified health information will not contain any information that would directly identify you (such as your name, street address, social security number, phone number, fax number, electronic mail address, website address, or license number).. please write to the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14210. Behavioral Health patients will be given the opportunity to object each time before information about them is released to family and friends. This will apply whether or not consent was authorized at time of admission in the Kaleida Health Consent for Treatment or Payment Agreement.. How To File A Complaint. If you believe your privacy rights have been violated, you may file a complaint with us or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. To file a complaint with us, please contact the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer at 716-859-8559. In accordance with Kaleida Health corporate policy and federal law, no one will retaliate or take action against you for filing a complaint.. Kaleida Health is required by law to protect the privacy of health information that may reveal your identity, to provide you with this notice of our privacy practices, and to notify you if we become aware of a breach of your health information. A copy of our current notice is posted in our reception areas. You will also be able to obtain your own copies by accessing our website at www.Kaleidahealth.org, calling our office at 716-859- 8559 or asking for one at the time of your next visit.. A copy of our current notice is posted in our reception areas. You will also be able to obtain your own copies by accessing our website at www.Kaleidahealth.org, calling our office at 716-859- 8559 or asking for one at the time of your next visit.. If you have any questions about this notice or would like further information, please contact the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer at 716-859-8559.. Kaleida Health can do all of these things if you have signed a general written consent form. Once you sign this general written consent form, it will be in effect indefinitely unless you revoke your general written consent. You may revoke your general written consent at any time, except to the extent that we have already relied upon it.. WHO WILL FOLLOW THIS NOTICE?. How To Obtain A Copy Of This Notice. You have the right to a paper copy of this notice. You may request a paper copy at any time, even if you have previously agreed to receive this notice electronically.. If Kaleida Health denies part or all of your request, we will provide a written notice that explains our reasons for doing so. You will have the right to have certain information related to your requested amendment included in your records. For example, if you disagree with our decision, you will have an opportunity to submit a statement explaining your disagreement which we will include in your records. Kaleida Health will also include information on how to file a complaint with us or with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. These procedures will be explained in more detail in any written denial notice we send you.. An accounting of disclosures also does not include information about the following disclosures: Disclosures we made to you or your personal representative; Disclosures we made pursuant to your written authorization; Disclosures we made for treatment, payment or business operations; Disclosures made from the patient directory; Disclosures made to your friends and family involved in your care or payment for your care; Disclosures that were incidental to permissible uses and disclosures of your health information (for example, when information is overheard by another patient passing by); Disclosures for purposes of research, public health or our business operations of limited portions of your health information that do not directly identify you; Disclosures made to federal officials for national security and intelligence activities; Disclosures about inmates to correctional institutions or law enforcement officers; Disclosures made prior to six years from the date of your request.. 5. Right To Request Confidential Communications </strong> <br> <br> You have the right to request that we communicate with you about your medical matters in a more confidential way by requesting that Kaleida Health communicates with you by alternative means or at alternative locations.. Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14210. To request more confidential communications, please write to the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14210. Kaleida Health will not ask you the reason for your request, and we will try to accommodate all reasonable requests. Please specify in your request how or where you wish to be contacted, and how payment for your health care will be handled if Kaleida Health communicates with you through this alternative method or location.. You have the right to request that we further restrict the way Kaleida Health uses and discloses your health information to treat your condition, collect payment for that treatment, or run our business operations. If your restriction applies to disclosure of information to a health plan where you paid in full out of pocket for items or services, and the disclosure is not otherwise required by law, we are required to honor that request. You may also request that we limit how we disclose information about you to family or friends involved in your care. For example, you could request that we not disclose information about a surgery you had. To request restrictions, please write to the Kaleida Health Privacy Officer, 726 Exchange Street Suite 200, Buffalo, NY 14210. Your request should include (1) what information you want to limit; (2) whether you want to limit how we use the information, how we share it with others, or both; and (3) to whom you want the limits to apply.. You have a right to request an \"accounting of disclosures\" which identifies certain other persons or organizations to whom we have disclosed your health information in accordance with applicable law and the protections afforded in this Notice of Privacy Practices. An accounting of disclosures does not describe the ways that your health information has been shared within and between the hospital and the facilities listed at the beginning of this notice, as long as all other protections described in this Notice of Privacy Practices have been followed (such as obtaining the required approvals before sharing your health information with our doctors for research purposes).. Kaleida Health wants you to know that you have the following rights to access and control your health information. These rights are important because they will help you make sure that the health information we have about you is accurate. They may also help you control the way Kaleida Health uses your information and share it with others, or the way we communicate with you about your medical matters.. Ordinarily Kaleida Health will respond to your request for an accounting within 60 days. If we need additional time to prepare the accounting you have requested, we will notify you in writing about the reason for the delay and the date when you can expect to receive the accounting. In rare cases, Kaleida Health may have to delay providing you with the accounting without notifying you because a law enforcement official or government agency has asked us to do so.": "0",
        "If you have questions or concerns about how we use personal information about you or if you would prefer that we delete or suppress information we have about you, please click here to reach our Privacy Officer, and we will do our best to meet your concerns.. Please note that once we disclose this information, the company administering the loyalty program may use and share it with others in accordance with its own privacy policy. You should review these policies carefully, as we have no control over them.. If you have any unanswered questions about our privacy policy, click here to reach our Privacy Officer.. any such request, please provide us with your full name and the email address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from us. If you ask us to remove your name and address from promotional lists, we will maintain your name in a \"do not contact\" file to ensure that we can honor your request. It may take up to 10 days to process your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which transition period you may continue to receive communications from us.. The Sites may contain links to third-party web sites. All such sites are independent from the Sites and from Hat World. Hat World has no control over and expressly disclaims any liability for such sites or their contents. Our links do not constitute an express or implied adoption or endorsement of anything contained in the other sites. Any transactions that take place between you and the third party are directly with the third party and Hat World will not be held responsible for any loss or damage that you may incur as a consequence thereto. Please read the privacy policies and terms and conditions posted on these other sites before using the sites or disclosing any personal information to the sites. If you decide to access any of these sites, you do so entirely at your own risk.. If you have questions or concerns about how we use personal information, please contact us as indicated below.. To reach us with any questions or requests about customer care or our privacy policy, you can contact us by email, telephone, or postal mail:. you have any unanswered questions about our privacy policy, click here to reach our Privacy Office. Last updated: August 26, 2014. To ensure we are sending our emails to the right address, we may receive a confirmation when you open email from us if your computer supports such capabilities.. Phishing\" is a scam where fraudsters pretend that they represent well-known companies to steal your personal information. If you receive an email claiming to be from Hat World that asks you for your personal information, do not respond. We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email.. Hat World Attn: Privacy Officer 7555 Woodland Dr Indianapolis, IN 46278 1-888-564-4287. Commitment to Privacy Hat World values your time, respects your privacy, and seeks to earn your trust.": "1",
        "This statement explains our privacy policies and procedures in connection with data collection and usage governing the American Honda Family of Web Sites which include honda.com, corporate.honda.com, automobiles.honda.com, hpd.honda.com, powersports.honda.com, hrca.honda.com, powerequipment.honda.com, marine.honda.com, engines.honda.com, owners.honda.com, owners.acura.com, estore.honda.com, hondafinancialservices.com, hondafinancialservices.com/ir, acurafinancialservices.com, acura.com, civictour.honda.com and greendealer.honda.com. This statement does not apply to our offline information practices.. You can visit our Web Sites without telling us who you are and without revealing any personally identifiable information to learn about American Honda, American Honda Finance Corporation (\"AHFC\"), our product and service information, special offers and promotions, and investor information. You can also access financial planning tools.. You may choose to sign up for email notifications in connection with the Civic Tour, our product information, from the bands participating in a particular Civic Tour, or from the promotional partners participating in a particular Civic Tour.. This statement does not apply to our offline information practices.. You also have the choice of applying for revolving credit through a credit program between GE Capital Consumer Card Co. and Honda Card. If you choose to do so, please be aware that the link to the application will direct you to the Conseco Finance Corporation web site to which the American Honda privacy policy does not apply. As a result, we encourage users to read the privacy policy of that site, as we are not responsible for their content, links, or privacy procedures.. Build Your Bike/Build Your ATV/Build Your PWC/Build Your MUV. You may build a Honda model of your choice without providing personally identifiable information.. Hondafinancialservices.com/ir You may obtain investor relations information without providing personally identifiable information.. American Honda Motor Co., Inc. (American Honda) is considerate of the privacy of our visitors and the individual sensitivities of personal information. At American Honda, we believe the confidentiality and protection of customer information is one of our fundamental responsibilities. Because privacy and consumer trust are important to us, we provide this privacy statement for you to explain our policies in detail. While information is critical to providing quality service, we recognize that one of our most important assets is our customers' trust. Our goal is to protect your information.. Our web sites may contain links to other sites. However, please be aware that if you access these links you will be leaving our site. As a result, we encourage users to read the privacy policies of those sites as we are not responsible for their content, links, or privacy procedures.. This policy is provided by American Honda Finance Corporation and is given on behalf of the following family of companies (affiliates): American Honda Finance Corporation American Honda Service Contract Corporation Honda North America, Inc. American Honda Receivables Corp. American Honda Receivables Corp. II Honda Titling Inc./Honda Lease Trust Honda Funding, Inc. Honda Titling A-D LLCs Honda Titling A-D LPs Privacy Policy Overview. Locate a Green Dealer Green Dealers by Award Level. Dealerships referenced herein are Honda and Acura dealers, which are independent from American Honda. Visiting these dealers online or in person is your personal choice.. When you visit or use a part of any website, landing page or mobile application that is co-branded or that is a part of a joint promotion involving American Honda and one or more third parties (each a Co-Branded Party), you are providing and consenting to provide your personal information and any other information collected by any Co-Branded Party to American Honda and each of the Co-Branded Parties without any other notice or further consent. We do not control Co-Branded Parties use or treatment of information you provide to them and you should consult each of their privacy policies or any separate Co-Branded privacy policy posted on or linked from the Co-Branded site to determine your rights with respect to their use and treatment of your information.. The information may be merged with other information American Honda already knows, such as whether you are an owner of a Honda or Acura product.. Information Collection You can visit our Web Sites without sharing personally identifiable information.. This section below addresses this Sites unique functionality and offerings specific to particular areas of each Site and serves as a supplement to the General Provisions above.. Our site offers the ability to buy Acura Apparel and Merchandise online from a third party vendor, Bensussen Deutsch Associates Inc. (BDA). If you choose to do so, please be aware that the link to buy Acura Apparel and Merchandise will direct you to the BDA web site to which the American Honda privacy policy does not apply. As a result, we encourage users to read the privacy policy of that site, as we are not responsible for their content, links, or privacy procedures.. You may choose to utilize our financing calculators to get an idea as to how much it may cost you to buy or lease a new or used vehicle. Using this feature will help you determine what you can afford. In doing so, you may provide certain figures such as a trade-in value or an amount owed on your current vehicle to calculate an estimated payment. We do not collect or share any of this information nor is this information personally identifiable.. Acura Honda Powersports HRCA Clubhouse Honda Power Equipment Honda Marine Honda Engines Honda Owners/Acura Owners eStore Acurafinancialservices.com Hondafinancialservices.com Hondafinancialservices.com/ir Civic Tour American Honda Finance Corporation Financial Privacy Policy greendealer.honda.com": "0",
        "Promotional Offers. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.com, including personalized or interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads policy.. Related Practices and Information Conditions of Use Discussion Boards Community Rules Help department Most Recent Purchases Your Profile and Community Guidelines. The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies,. To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.com if your computer supports such capabilities.. Under the Safe Harbor program, any unresolved privacy complaints can be referred to an independent dispute resolution mechanism. We use the BBB EU Safe Harbor Program, which is operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus.. ost likely, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. For information about specific devices, click here . If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.. Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control:. knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Amazon.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.. Last updated: March 3, 2014. To see what has changed, click here.. Does Amazon.com Share the Information It Receives?. Amazon.com does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Amazon.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.. Examples of businesses with which we offer joint or co-branded products and other offerings include Starbucks, OfficeMax, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, AT&T, J&R Electronics, Eddie Bauer and Northern Tool + Equipment.. Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites.. ny unresolved privacy complaints can be referred to an independent dispute resolution mechanism. your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers. This notice describes our privacy policy.. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.. Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.com, including personalized or interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads policy.. If you have questions about our participation in the Safe Harbor program or have a complaint, please send an e-mail to safeharbor@amazon.com.": "1",
        "Tribune Company is a diverse multimedia company and, together with its Affiliates, operates daily newspapers, television stations, a digital broadcast program network, and news, entertainment, and information websites. In this Privacy Policy, Affiliates refers to our subsidiaries and entities that Tribune or its subsidiaries operate or have an ownership interest in.. This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties.. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Should you choose to voluntarily disclose information through the Services, such as via SNSs, on message boards, chat areas or in advertising or notices you post, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties.. If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiatives website and/or the Digital Advertising Alliances website.. We neither have access to, nor does this Policy govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services by non-affiliated, third-party ad technology, ad servers, ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties. Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting as described below. You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser. If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiatives website and/or the Digital Advertising Alliances website. You also can control advertising cookies from Google, by using its Ads Preference Manager . Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out of tailored advertising.. In some cases, the provider may collect information from you directly, in which case the providers privacy policy (which may differ from this Privacy Policy) would apply.. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect through the websites, mobile applications, electronic devices, kiosks, and all other interactive services whereby data is transmitted (hereinafter the Services) operated by Tribune Company and its subsidiaries (collectively we or us) regardless of how you access the Services, unless such website, mobile application, electronic device, kiosk, or other interactive service has a separate Privacy Policy specific to such website, application, device, kiosk, or interactive service. The Policy describes: The information we collect and how we collect it; What we do with the information we collect; Information sharing and disclosure; How you can access and update your information; How we protect information; Linked sites and advertisements; Users from outside the United States; Children; How to contact us; Your California privacy rights; No rights of third parties; and Changes to this policy.. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those third-party websites.. The Services are hosted in the United States and are governed by United States law. If you are using the Services from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our databases are operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in our Privacy Policy.. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please send an email to privacy@tribune.com.. the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers, operators, or sponsors privacy policies or practices.. by contacting us at privacy@tribune.com.. The Policy describes: The information we collect and how we collect it; What we do with the information we collect; Information sharing and disclosure; How you can access and update your information; How we protect information; Linked sites and advertisements; Users from outside the United States; Children; How to contact us; Your California privacy rights; No rights of third parties; and Changes to this policy.. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an email to privacy@tribune.com.. How we collect and store information depends on the websites you visit, the activities in which you participate and the Services you use. You can use some of the Services without providing any information other than that automatically collected as described below.. Information sharing and disclosure. We will make your information available to other companies, websites, applications or people in the circumstances described below:": "1",
        "Public Forums Food Allergy Research & Education advises users that personal information posted on the website is accessible only to members.. contactfare@foodallergy.org. contactfare@foodallergy.org or calling 800-929-4040. If you have any questions about this Policy or you wish to review or correct your or your child's personal information, you may contact us by U.S. mail, e-mail, or telephone at the addresses and numbers listed below. Food Allergy Research & Education (FARE) 7925 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100 McLean, VA 22102 email: contactfare@foodallergy.org Telephone: (800) 929-4040. Food Allergy Research & Education also collects personal information offline from volunteers, donors, and event participants. Such information may include name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, age, and information regarding the donation. The information is collected through offline registration forms, telemarketing appeals, and postal appeals. Food Allergy Research & Education uses this personal information to inform volunteers and donors of new materials, and activities and events that offer the opportunity to contribute to local and national programs and research initiatives.. As discussed throughout this Policy, Food Allergy Research & Education honors your requests concerning your own personal information as it pertains to online and postal, and telemarketing communications as well as list rentals and exchanges.. Food Allergy Research & Education reserves the right to acknowledge your donation.. We at Food Allergy Research & Education recognize the importance of protecting your privacy. The purpose of this notice is to explain the practices and procedures we implement to protect your personal information, the way we use this information, and the choices you can make regarding our use of your personal information. This notice may be accessed by clicking on a \"Privacy Policy\" link that appears on each page of our website. Food Allergy Research & Education is committed to protecting your privacy and will honor this Policy.. Payment information, such as credit card number and expiration date, is entered upon completion of a sale or registration that requires a fee. Food Allergy Research & Education uses Global Payments and Verisign as third-party intermediaries to process your online donations and payments.. Websites owned by organizations that operate in California must comply with the privacy practices outlined in California privacy bill S.B.27 pertaining to the collection and use of personal information in direct marketing activities.. The mission of FARE (Food Allergy Research & Education) is to raise public awareness, to provide advocacy and education, and to advance research on behalf of all those affected by food allergies and anaphylaxis. The Food Allergy Research & Education website provides information, resources, referrals, and data intended to assist the public in managing life-threatening food allergies. The website also provides information for healthcare professionals and offers opportunities for volunteering in Food Allergy Research & Education fundraising events.. Cookies, Gifs, Logs Cookies are small text files that a website can place on a visitor's computer hard drive to recognize repeat visitors, to facilitate a visitor's use of the site and to track a visitor's access to and use of the site.. You may browse Food Allergy Research & Education websites without submitting personal information.. Sites containing other programs run by Food Allergy Research & Education may contain information as to how cookies are used on those sites.": "0",
        "We share your personal information only as described below.. Your Web browser offers cookies which, if you allow their use, store small amounts of data on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information about you and therefore cannot be used to identify you personally.. As our fulfillment partners may keep and use your information whether or not you purchase their products or use their services, your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies.. Or you can contact us by mail at: TEN: The Enthusiast Network 831 South Douglas Street El Segundo, CA 90245 Attention: Legal Department. Some of our web pages, promotional e-mail messages, and/or newsletters may contain electronic images known as web beacons, which are also called single-pixel gifs.. Although we use our best efforts to assure that your data remains secure when maintained by us, security during Internet transmissions or within any system cannot be assured.. We believe that choice in how and when you are contacted is key to customer satisfaction, so we offer several ways for you to update your contact information, change your preferences, or opt out of receiving future communications.. We allow users of our website to send articles or links by e-mail to other parties who may be interested in them.. You may also contact us at privacypolicy@enthusiastnetwork.com. In the event that you provide personal information to any third party via any TEN website or any offer made available to you by TEN, you understand that TEN is not responsible for such third parties use or misuse of your personal information. You should review the privacy and information sharing practices of such third parties. Additionally, TEN may offer links to or from websites it controls to other sites within the TEN family as well as to sites operated by third parties. We offer links to third party sites so that you can conveniently visit our vendors and advertisers or locate other content likely to be of interest. We are not responsible for the content, practices or policies of sites operated by third parties and urge you to inquire about them before providing any personally-identifiable information.. A number of technologies exist to assess consumer behavior both on-line and off-line. TEN employs a variety of these technologies, including web beacons (see below), web analytics techniques, and other behavior marketing technologies, to assess consumer behavior and to understand how we can better serve our customers.. See Sections IV and V of this Privacy Policy for more detail on cookies, web beacons, and other information collected automatically by our websites.. You may also contact us at privacypolicy@enthusiastnetwork.com or any inquiry or request regarding our privacy policy or the handling of your personal information.. Some of the banner ads displayed in our websites are provided by third parties. These ads contain cookies and may also contain web beacons. Unlike cookies and web beacons used by TEN in content it controls on its websites, cookies or web beacons received with banner ads are collected by our advertisers and we do not have access to this information.. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please e-mail us at privacypolicy@enthusiastnetwork.com Please include the URL of the website and/or name of the publication involved in your request. Requests under California Law SB 27 should be directed to yourcaliforniaprivacyrights@enthusiastnetwork.com and include the information noted in Your California Privacy Rights.. by contacting us at https://www.circsource.com/ and clicking on Customer Service.. III. HOW DO WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION? We share your personal information only as described below.. DoubleClick is our primary third party ad server. If you would like to know more about their information gathering practices and opt-out procedures, please see https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/. his Privacy Policy discloses what information we gather, how we use it, to whom we disclose personal information and other information you have provided, and how to correct or change personal information that you have provided to us. This Privacy Policy applies to TEN and all of its parent companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates. We urge you to read the complete Privacy Policy set forth below, as well as our Terms and Conditions of Use, and contact us if you have any questions.. Accordingly, you should use caution when sharing any personal information with others in any community area (whether through TENs websites or any other service available online).. Such written requests should be sent to TEN: The Enthusiast Network at 831 South Douglas Street, El Segundo, CA 90245; Attention: Legal Department.. Such written requests should be sent to TEN: The Enthusiast Network at 831 South Douglas Street, El Segundo, CA 90245; Attention: Legal Department. In those instances, we will retain your information in a do not promote file in our database, and you will receive no further communications from us.. If you have opted out of receiving future e-mails from us, we will implement your opt-out request within 10 business days of receiving the opt-out request. If you have opted out of receiving future promotional materials by regular mail, we will implement your opt-out request within a commercially reasonable time.. You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information, personal or otherwise, online in any community area (whether through TENs websites or any other service available online), that information can be collected and used by others. Accordingly, you should use caution when sharing any personal information with others in any community area (whether through TENs websites or any other service available online).": "0",
        "Please keep in mind that it may take up to four weeks to process your request.. This statement is provided on behalf of Allstate Insurance Company and the affiliates (\"Allstate\") listed at the end of this notice. We would like to explain how we collect, use and share the information we obtain about you in the course of doing business.. Allstate is committed to serving you when and where you prefer as we help you protect what you have today and prepare you for the future.. If you have questions or would like more information, please don't hesitate to contact your Allstate agent or call the Allstate Customer Information Center at 1-800-ALLSTATE.. If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact Allstate at customerprivacy@allstate.com.. Thank you for choosing Allstate. We understand your concerns about privacy and confidentiality and hope this notice has been helpful to you. We value our relationship with you and look forward to keeping you in Good Hands.. Our web sites, allstate.com and miallstate.com, provides information about us, our products, and the agencies and brokers that represent us. You may also perform some transactions on the web site. This Privacy Statement applies to users of allstate.com and miallstate.com, regardless of whether the user is an Allstate customer.. Whose Privacy Statement Applies to Links and Co-Branded Sites? Allstate provides links to other sites as a convenience to persons who visit the Allstate web site. If you choose to use the services provided by those sites, you may be asked by those sites to provide certain personally identifiable information (some of which may be shared with Allstate). Please be aware that Allstate is not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of every Web site that you visit, as the privacy policies of those sites may differ from ours. Our Privacy Statement applies solely to this Web site.. The Truste certification covers: Allstate.com Miallstate.com M.allstate.com M.miallstate.com Goodhandsroadside.allstate.com Mobile application for Allstate Mobile application for Good Hands Roadside. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.. Please send requests to: Allstate Insurance Company Customer Privacy Inquiries, P.O. Box 40047, Roanoke, VA 24022-0047. If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact Allstate at customerprivacy@allstate.com. If they do not receive acknowledgment of their inquiry or their inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed, they should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTeWatchdog Dispute Resolution Process. TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve users concerns.. We hope you have found this Important Notice helpful.. If you previously contacted us and asked us not to allow other Allstate affiliates to use your personal information, your previous choice still applies and you do not need to contact us again. If you would like to change your previous choice please call the number above at any time.. If you have questions about this notice, you may contact us at the address listed above or you may also contact the Nevada Attorney General's office at: Office of the Nevada Attorney General Bureau of Consumer Protection 555 E.Washington Avenue.; Suite 3900 Las Vegas, NV 89101 Phone: (702) 486-3132 Email: BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us. List of affiliates to which this notice applies: Allstate County Mutual Insurance Company, Allstate Finance Company, Allstate Financial Services, LLC (LSA Securities in LA and PA), Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company, Allstate Indemnity Company, Allstate Investment Management Company, Allstate Life Insurance Company, Allstate Life Insurance Company of New York, Allstate Motor Club, Inc., Allstate New Jersey Insurance Company , Allstate New Jersey Property and Casualty Insurance Company , Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company, Allstate Texas Lloyd's, Allstate Texas Lloyd's, Inc., Allstate Vehicle and Property Insurance Company, Deerbrook General Agency, Inc., Deerbrook Insurance Company, North Light Specialty Insurance Company, Northbrook Indemnity Company, Please Note: Allstate affiliates American Heritage Life Insurance Company, Castle Key Insurance Company and Castle Key Indemnity Company participate in information sharing with the affiliates listed above, but have a separate privacy notice for their customers.. We will be happy to make corrections whenever possible. Please send requests to: Allstate Insurance Company Customer Privacy Inquiries P.O. Box 40047 Roanoke, VA 24022-0047 or email us at customerprivacy@allstate.com. Although we believe that each of the sites to which we target our ads or from which we collect data should post a privacy statement that fully describes the advertising and data collection activities on its site, we cannot guarantee that all of those sites post such a statement.. To request that we not allow other Allstate affiliates to use your personal information to market their products and services, you can contact us by calling 1-800-856-2518 twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. Please keep in mind that it may take up to four weeks to process your request. If you previously contacted us and asked us not to allow other Allstate affiliates to use your personal information, your previous choice still applies and you do not need to contact us again. If you would like to change your previous choice please call the number above at any time.. We or our third party marketing partners (such as Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics) use cookies, analytics, remarketing and other technology to help us provide users with a better service and a more customized web experience.. The Truste certification covers:. We reserve the right to change our Privacy practices, procedures, and terms. Allstate Insurance Company. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site, to learn which banner ads bring users to our Web site, and enable us to deliver more relevant ads to users": "0",
        "If you are concerned about the accuracy of information contained in your personal records, you should contact the custodian of the record, which is typically the department that collects and maintains the information. For example, contact the Admissions and Records Office about information collected through the Web application for admission.. The ACC website consists of several web servers. Some servers hosted by ACC may adopt different privacy statements as their specific needs require. If another ACC web server has a privacy statement that is different from this statement, that policy will be posted on their site.. ACC uses cookies, which are small pieces of information sent to your browser by a website that you visit.. ACC complies with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), which prohibits the release of education records without student permission.. Austin Community College (ACC) is committed to ensuring the privacy of personal information.. Web Beacons </strong> <br> <br> A \"tracking pixel\" (sometimes called \"web beacons\", \"transparent GIFs\", \"clear GIFs\", \"pixel gifs\", or \"pixel tags\") is a tiny, invisible image that allows us to track activities based on pages you visit. Tracking pixels redeliver advertising and notifications through 3rd party vendors. No personally identifiable information is collected through these retargeting services,. If you have questions about this privacy statement or you believe that your personal information has been released without your consent email the Help Center.. We consider any information that could reasonably be used to identify you as \"personally identifying information.\" This includes, but is not limited to: Name Address Email address Social Security Number Any combination of data that could be used to identify you such as your birth date, your zip code and your gender. A \"tracking pixel\" (sometimes called \"web beacons\", \"transparent GIFs\", \"clear GIFs\", \"pixel gifs\", or \"pixel tags\") is a tiny, invisible image that allows us to track activities based on pages you visit. Tracking pixels redeliver advertising and notifications through 3rd party vendors.. Links to non-ACC organizations are provided solely as a service to our users. These links do not constitute an endorsement of these organizations or their programs by ACC, and none should be inferred. ACC is not responsible for the content found at these links.. The ACC website contains links to external websites. The college is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of external web links.": "0",
        "s adopts and discloses to the public (in its Privacy Policy) a policy of not disclosing customer's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure or gives customers a mechanism to opt out of having their personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise the right.. When a child under the age of 13 registers for an account, we use hashing to create a password reminder system that does not require us to retain that child's email address. To do this, we apply the hash function to the email address and associate the resulting hash value (not the e-mail) with the user's account. The e-mail address is immediately discarded after the hash function is applied.. Dictionary.com LLC respects your privacy. When you use Dictionary.com, Reference.com, Thesaurus.com or any other online products or websites that we own (our \"sites\") and mobile applications (our \"apps\"), we collect information about you and use it to facilitate and improve our services. Information about you may also be shared with other companies. For instance, companies engaged in \"targeted\" or \"behavioral\" advertising present ads that might be of interest to you based on information about your online activities. We want to be clear about how information about you may be used and what your privacy options are.. Generally speaking, one-way hashing is a way to anonymize or hide data by transforming pieces of information into fixed strings of alphanumeric characters.. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect, how we use it, how other companies may use it, and tracking technologies used to collect information. If we make any material changes to our privacy practices, we will post a revised Privacy Policy on this page. If you have any questions, please contact us by sending an email here http://content.dictionary.com/about/contact or writing to Dictionary.com LLC, ATTN: Legal Department, 555 12th Street, 5th Floor, Oakland, CA 94607.. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect, how we use it, how other companies may use it, and tracking technologies used to collect information.. Dictionary.com LLC, ATTN: Legal Department, 555 12th Street, 5th Floor, Oakland, CA 94607.. Privacy Policy - Your Privacy Rights Last revised: January 07, 2014. please contact us by sending an email here http://content.dictionary.com/about/contact or writing to Dictionary.com LLC, ATTN: Legal Department, 555 12th Street, 5th Floor, Oakland, CA 94607.. we are not responsible for removing information about you from the database of any third parties to whom you previously authorized us to share your personal information.. If you install one of our apps on your mobile device, your use of the app is subject to our app license agreement, http://dictionary.reference.com/help/dictionaryappeula.html.. For example, when the e-mail address 'U13user@dictionary.com' is hashed, the result or \"hash value\" might be 'a8der13ap69'. Every time that hash function is applied to that e-mail address the result will be the same. It is called one-way hashing because the function allows you to convert the data only one way. So while it is possible to convert an e-mail address into a hash value, it is not possible to convert that value back into the e-mail address.": "0",
        "The Services may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such other website and urge you to review such practices prior to submitting any information to such websites.. You can learn more about the advertising companies we work with and what options they may offer you regarding cookies and targeted advertising on our advertising addendum page. Many of these companies are also members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance,. contact us by email at privacy@voxmedia.com.. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such other website. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@voxmedia.com.. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to our cookies.. Your privacy is important to us and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain to you how we collect, use, and share information we obtain through your use of the Internet sites, applications and services ('services\") that are operated by, controlled by or are affiliate with Vox Media, Inc., including without limitation SB Nation, The Verge, Polygon, Curbed, Eater, Racked, and Vox.com (collectively, \"we,\" \"us\" or \"our\"). This Privacy Policy does not govern our use of any information you provide to us when you call us, write to us, or communicate with us in any manner other than through the Services. Because the Internet is global, information about you that we collect or that you submit may be transferred to, processed in, and held in countries (including the United States) other than the one in which you reside.. require that they maintain the confidentiality of such User Information.. Vox Media Policies Terms of Use Privacy Policy Privacy Policy: Advertising Addendum Security. However, please note that the advertisers (including ad serving companies) may determine based on their own analysis that a user who interacts with an advertisement targeted by us may fit into a certain demographic category; for example, an advertiser may determine that men ages 25-34 are interacting with a certain advertisement on the Services from a particular geographic area.. we are not responsible for removing information about you from the database of any third party to whom we were authorized to disclose your User Information prior to processing your request.. This Privacy Policy does not govern our use of any information you provide to us when you call us, write to us, or communicate with us in any manner other than through the Services. Because the Internet is global, information about you that we collect or that you submit may be transferred to, processed in, and held in countries (including the United States) other than the one in which you reside.. Contact Us Privacy Terms of Use Questions Media Press Inquiries National Ad Team International Ad Team Security Reporting. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your User Information, we cannot guarantee its security.. A \"cookie\" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer and stored on your hard drive when you visit a website. Many major Web services use cookies to provide useful features for their users. Each web site can send its own cookie to your browser.. Please note that sometimes these requests may take up to ten business days to process and that we are not responsible for removing information about you from the database of any third party to whom we were authorized to disclose your User Information prior to processing your request": "0",
        "Moreover, if you elect to store information, such as your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, where others may access it, we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof. If you lose a computer, mobile or other device, or it is stolen, that contains your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourself.. you have any concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy, please feel free to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as follows: Privacy Policy Coordinator Cond Nast 1313 Market Street Wilmington, DE 19801 Privacy_administration@condenast.com. Privacy Policy Coordinator Cond Nast 1313 Market Street Wilmington, DE 19801 Privacy_administration@condenast.com. we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof.. Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, servers and databases located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction. Please be advised that we may transfer your information to and from any state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction, and process it in the United States or elsewhere. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to any such transfer.. We reserve the right to identify you from your Registration Information and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you, your offline and online behavior, and/or your computer, mobile or other device (including its geographic location), with your Registration Information and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose.. If you don't agree to the terms contained in this User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you must immediately exit the Service.. contact. While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties.. The use of Tracking Technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy, and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith.": "1",
        "Third party links We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.. We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.. Do we use 'cookies'? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.. In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:. We will notify the users via in site notification Within 7 business days. This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.. According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. 204 E. 5th Street South Pittsburg, TN 37380 United States info@lodgemfg.com 423.837.7181 Last Edited on 10/2014. Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en. We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.. The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.. When do we collect information? We collect information from you when you place an order or enter information on our site.. If users disable cookies in their browser: If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders.. What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?": "0",
        "You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information in an e-mail or other communications with third parties listed on the Sites or in other materials, that information, along with any other information disclosed in your communication, can be collected and correlated and used by such third parties and may result in your receiving unsolicited messages from other persons. Such collection, correlation, use and messages are beyond our control.. Notwithstanding the above commitment to protect your information from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. Additionally, there also is some risk our security systems could be circumvented or breached. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security and privacy of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.. How To Contact Us If you would like to contact The Hill for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please write or e-mail us at the following address: Mailing Address: The Hill Information Privacy Manager 1625 K St. NW Suite 900 Washington, DC 20006 e-mail: help@thehill.com. As a subscriber to the Site, or otherwise by using the Site, you signify that you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not make any use of the Site.. Such collection, correlation, use and messages are beyond our control.. If you would like to contact The Hill for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please write or e-mail us at the following address:": "0",
        "We may combine personally identifiable information and automatic information we obtain from you or your activities with other data concerning or relating to the behavioral and demographic attributes of our customers, in order to identify our best customers, reach them effectively, understand their interests and best manage our relationships with them.. If you do not provide information to us, you may be unable to use certain features of the Site. For example, you cannot post comments in connection with certain articles or register for the Site, contests, surveys or newsletters unless you provide certain information. Also, you will not be able to submit events for inclusion on our Site or purchase event tickets if you do not provide certain information.. We may combine personally identifiable information and automatic information. We may associate your IP address with your personally identifiable information. This Site provides links to websites maintained by other organizations. Miami New Times provides these links as a convenience to users, but it does not operate, control or endorse such sites.. More Questions- If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please e-mail them to privacyadministrator@voicemediagroup.com, and be sure to indicate the specific site you are visiting and the nature of your question or concern.. This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 15, 2012.. This Privacy Policy describes the practices that Miami New Times, LLC (\"Miami New Times\") follows with respect to the collection, maintenance and use of information submitted on miaminewtimes.com (the \"Site\"). This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect from this Site, and does not apply to any other website or business activity of Miami New Times.. but we reserve the right to use, discuss and report facts that we consider newsworthy relating to submissions even if it might reveal or tend to reveal the poster's identity.. We may associate your IP address with your personally identifiable information and may maintain, use and disclose such information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy below.. \"Personally identifiable information\" is information that tells us who you are, such as your name, screen name, email address, postal address, phone number, credit card information, birth date/year and gender.. If you change browsers or computers, or delete the cookies on your computer, you may need to re-enter your preferences or opt-out.. All computers and servers on the Internet use IP addresses to recognize and communicate with each other.. not associated with your IP address or personally identifiable information.. We collect and maintain personally identifiable information and automatic information.. For rules or requirements for contests, promotions, polls, surveys and/or newsletters, please see the applicable page on our Site.. Updates and Changes to Your Information.. Advertising networks that are members of Network Advertising Initiative or that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance have subscribed to certain principles relating to collection and use of information, and may permit users to direct whether or how information about their viewing activities are used for advertising purposes. To register your preferences or choices, or to opt out of behavioral advertising offered by participants in these programs, visit http://www.networkadvertising.org or http://www.aboutads.info.. Miami New Times attempts to deal with advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance, but at times ad networks that are not NAI or DAA participants may have access to your activity on the Site, and hence may use that information in connection with displaying ads to you on other sites.. Miami New Times, LLC This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 15, 2012.. Miami New Times also disclaims any responsibility for the information on those sites and any products or services offered on such sites. Please review the privacy policies of these sites. Miami New Times is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties, and does not make any warranties or representations that any linked sites (or even this Site) will function without error or interruption, that defects will be corrected, or that the sites and their servers are free of viruses and other problems that can harm your computer. Miami New Times disclaims any responsibility for transactions conducted on those sites and cannot vouch for the security of the information submitted in those transactions.. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information you choose to make public": "1",
        "For all questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy, contact our Privacy Policy Administrator at 646-536-2842; via email at privacypolicy@take2games.com; or, by regular mail at Take-Two Interactive, Attn: Internet Privacy Policy Administrator, 622 Broadway, New York, New York 10012. If you are a Rockstar Games Online Services user located in the European Union, please indicate that in your email, letter, or phone call.. Resumes: The Company allows for the online submission of resumes. Personal information collected from resumes will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings, and is therefore not governed by this Privacy Policy. Information obtained from resumes may be shared within the Company by parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates.. privacypolicy@take2games.com, or write to us at Take-Two Interactive, Attn: Internet Privacy Policy Administrator, 622 Broadway, New York, New York 10012. Please indicate your country of residence in your correspondence.. privacypolicy@take2games.com, or write to us at Take-Two Interactive, Attn: Internet Privacy Policy Administrator, 622 Broadway, New York, New York 10012.. The Company allows for the online submission of resumes. Personal information collected from resumes will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings, and is therefore not governed by this Privacy Policy.. You should be aware that while you are on our websites you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization, or representation of our affiliation with that third party. Because we cannot guarantee that the privacy policies of these websites meet our high standards, we recommend reading the privacy policy of the website you link to before you submit any of your personal information. This Privacy Policy will explain:. Take Two Interactive Attn: Internet Privacy Policy Administrator 622 Broadway New York, New York 10012 privacypolicy@take2games.com. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online through the Online Services, and does not apply to information that may be collected by the Company offline. In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to websites or services maintained by other companies or organizations (such as those who promote the Company's products and services or sell related items). Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online through the Online Services, and does not apply to information that may be collected by the Company offline. In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to websites or services maintained by other companies or organizations (such as those who promote the Company's products and services or sell related items) and the Company cannot and does not guarantee the security of any personal information disclosed to those third parties. In addition, please note that we may hire vendors (agents or contractors) to collect personal information on our behalf and in such cases such vendors will be instructed to comply with this Privacy Policy. These vendors may not use your personal information for their own marketing purposes.. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY REGISTERING FOR OR USING OUR ONLINE SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT (i) WE MAY TRANSFER, PROCESS, AND STORE YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND OTHER COUNTRIES THAT MAY HAVE DIFFERENT PRIVACY PROTECTIONS THAN YOUR COUNTRY; (ii) WE MAY PROCESS YOUR DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY; (iii) YOU ARE BOUND BY OUR PRIVACY POLICY; AND (iv) YOU WILL ABIDE BY OUR TERMS CONDITIONS, CODE OF CONDUCT, AND ANY OTHER POLICIES THAT MAY APPLY. THIS PRIVACY POLICY SUPPLEMENTS THE PRIVACY DISCLOSURES PROVIDED TO YOU WITH YOUR SOFTWARE PRODUCT AND/OR BY YOUR CONSOLE MANUFACTURER.. HOW YOU CAN CONTROL THE COLLECTION, USE, AND/OR DISPLAY OF DATA OR REVIEW AND CORRECT YOUR DATA If you are a member of an Online Service, you may use that services account and privacy settings to personalize the collection, use and/or display of your data via that service.. deleteaccount@RockstarGames.com from the sa. WHAT PERSONAL AND OTHER INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT?. Use of our services and products may be subject to other terms, conditions and disclosures prescribed by the Company, console manufacturers and/or other partners, including: (i) the Limited Software Warranty and License Agreement that accompanied the purchase of the game; (ii) terms of service, privacy policy, and code of conduct for our Online Services; (iii) other terms and disclosures which are made available to you by the Company; and (iv) the terms, conditions, and disclosures made available to you by third parties in connection with the use of their gaming consoles and/or Online Services. All such terms, conditions and disclosures are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.. Rockstar Games, Inc.,a United States company, its parent and its subsidiaries (collectively the \"Company\"), respects the privacy rights of our users and is committed to protecting the information collected through its products, services, and websites accessed through any internet-capable hardware platform including gaming consoles, personal computers, mobile computers, or smart phones, or in-game applications or any software platform including third-party hosts (collectively the \"Online Services\"). We have adopted this privacy policy to explain how we collect, store, disclose, transfer, protect, and otherwise use the information collected in connection with our Online Services (the \"Privacy Policy\").. We may match and/or combine information collected in connection with various Online Services and display it publicly, including on our websites, in our games, or in multiplayer game lobbies. For example, if you associate your Company website account with a game console account, your in-game achievements may be displayed combining your website account name with your in-game achievements.. If you choose to use these features, your actions are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature. Please review each company's governing policies before using their services.. In the event we offer services or promotions where your personal information is separately collected and used according to the privacy policy of a third party, we will inform you of that at the time of collection and you may elect not to participate in the service or promotion.. This Privacy Policy applies to all Online Services users and, except as noted, all Online Services are being offered in the United States by the Company. For Online Services offered by Rockstar Games used by residents of the European Union, the company Take-Two Interactive Software Europe Limited, ICO Registration No. Z1336431, is the data controller responsible for your personal information.. In connection with specific websites, the Company has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability, and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us at privacypolicy@take2games.com. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe at www.truste.com/watchdog equest. THE TRUSTe PROGRAM COVERS SPECIFIC WEBSITES; IT DOES NOT COVER INFORMATION THAT MAY BE COLLECTED THROUGH SOFTWARE.. In addition, please note that we may hire vendors (agents or contractors) to collect personal information on our behalf and in such cases such vendors will be instructed to comply with this Privacy Policy. These vendors may not use your personal information for their own marketing purposes.. Users of certain Online Services, such as the Rockstar Games Social Club, may be automatically entered into contests as a result of their membership and/or use of certain services. Check www.rockstargames.com/socialclub/events frequently for details regarding contests.. In all cases for all Online Services, we will respond to your request for access to update, delete, or correct inaccuracies to your personal information within 30 days.. As indicated at the point of purchase, such transactions are between you and the third-party service provider and they are subject to the third-party service providers privacy policy and terms of service.. All information collected or received by the Company in connection with the Online Services is collected in, processed in, or transferred to the United States of America and other countries. While your information is in another jurisdiction, it may be accessed by the courts, law enforcement, and national security authorities pursuant to the laws of those jurisdictions. By using our services, you expressly consent to such collection, transfer, and processing. Backup data, matchmaking data, and administrative data may also be stored on media or servers located in the United States of America and other countries.. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the Feature.. You may be able to sign up for or access the Online Services through third-party platforms such as gaming consoles, mobile devices, other websites and social networking services. When you submit personal information to the Company via a third-party platform, your use of that platform is also governed by its terms of service, privacy policies and/or code of conduct. Please review each company's governing policies before using their services.. privacypolicy@take2games.com.. Your California Privacy Rights. his Privacy Policy will explain: Who this Privacy Policy applies to What this Privacy Policy applies to What personal and other information may be collected What gameplay information we may collect Special Notes Regarding Certain Information, Including Public Information, Resumes, Investor Relations, Email Correspondence, and Member Names/Gaming Console IDs The consequences, if any, resulting from your refusal to provide personal information How we use cookies, track IP Addresses, or use other passive means to collect information Who, if anyone, is collecting your personal information and how it will be used With whom, if anyone, your personal information will be shared What choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information Links to other parties Whether personal information is collected from Children under 13 How we protect your information Your California Privacy Rights. Where information is stored What other Company terms apply What other third-party terms apply How to ask questions or file a complaint. The Company provides investor relations materials on its websites. Personal information collected on the investor relations' portion of the Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. website is used solely in a business capacity and is not governed by this Privacy Policy.. We use the third-party service provider DR globalTech Inc. as our online official re-seller and for certain in-game sales functions. Other third-party service providers may be connected to other in-game sales functions; please review the Terms Conditions of each product for more details. As indicated at the point of purchase, such transactions are between you and the third-party service provider and they are subject to the third-party service providers privacy policy and terms of service.. In addition to responding to your email correspondence and sending you information you have requested via our email lists, we send activation emails and other transactional emails to your e-mail address as necessary. You may not opt out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.. This Privacy Policy applies to the Company's Online Services, including the TRUSTe certified Company websites, mobile applications, and other services that link to it or display it. In addition, the Company may also own several other domain names that relate to its labels, feature its products, or point to its websites, and we may from time to time add new sites and services. To view a complete list of these TRUSTe certified Company sites, please click on the TRUSTe seal on this page.. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online through the Online Services, and does not apply to information that may be collected by the Company offline.. f you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us at privacypolicy@take2games.com. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe at. Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is conditional upon our collection, use, storage, transmission and public display of statistical data (such as your scores, rankings, and achievements) generated through your participation.": "1",
        "Valve has no obligation to keep private personally identifiable information that a user makes available to other users via Steam or other Valve software, such as in multiplayer chat or other public functions.. Information regarding Steam billing, a users Steam account, a users Internet connection and the Valve software installed on a users computer is uploaded to the server in connection with the users use of Steam and Valve software. Valve software automatically generates and submits to Valve bug reports upon a crash or other fault in the Valve software, services or Steam games. This automatically generated bug report information may include information about other software or hardware on a user's system. Valve does not associate and store the automatically generated bug report information with users personally identifiable information. Any bug reporting information manually submitted by users (e.g. through Valve's Bug Reporter form) is associated and stored with personally identifiable information sent voluntarily by the user through a bug report.. Contacting Valve If you have any questions or complaints about this privacy policy, or the privacy practices of Valve, please contact us here. You may also contact Valve Corp. or Valve S.a.r.l. at the addresses below. Valve Corporation P.O. Box 1688 Bellevue, WA 98004. Revision Date: March 24th 2015. External websites and companies with links to and from Valve's online sites and products may collect personally identifiable information about users when users visit their websites. Third party publishers may also collect personally identifiable information as a requirement of accessing their games or content. Valve's privacy policy does not extend to external websites and companies or third party publishers with links to or from Valves products and online websites or who collect personally identifiable information through their game available on Steam. Please refer directly to these companies and websites regarding their privacy policies.. Valve also stores on a users hard drive a unique authorization key or CD-Key that is either entered by the user or downloaded automatically during product registration. This authorization key is used to identify a user as valid and allow access to Valve's products, services and third party games. This key is necessary for Valve to supply any products and services subscribed by users.. \"Personally identifiable information\" is information that can be used to uniquely identify a user such as name, address or credit card number. If you are an EU user, \"personally identifiable information\" means \"personal data\" within the meaning of article 2 a) of the Directive 95/46 of 24 October 1995. You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information during the sign in process, and then in connection with the use of Valves products, services and online sites. While Valve collects personally identifiable information on a voluntary basis, for certain products and services Valve's collection of personally identifiable information may be a requirement for access to the product or service or to process a users order.. This policy is current as of its last revision date. However, please note that this policy may be amended from time to time to reflect changes and additions to the privacy policy. Please check back for the most current version before relying on any of the provisions in this privacy policy.. Contacting Valve If you have any questions or complaints about this privacy policy, or the privacy practices of Valve, please contact us here. You may also contact Valve Corp. or Valve S.a.r.l. at the addresses below. Valve Corporation P.O. Box 1688 Bellevue, WA 98004 Valve S.a.r.l. Regus City Center Suite 227 26 Boulevard Royal L-2449 Luxembourg. Valve's products or services may provide chat, forums, bulletin boards, or instant messaging tools to users. Any information that is disclosed in chat, forums or bulletin boards should be considered public information, and users who message one another may not know each other personally. Valve has no obligation to keep private personally identifiable information that a user makes available to other users or the public using these functions. Users should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in public forums. Users should also be aware that game play information disclosed during multiplayer game play (e.g. player name and current player statistics) is public information and may be displayed to other users.": "1",
        "Thank you for visiting Essence, or using our mobile device applications (the \"Apps\") or other services (together with the Apps, the \"Services\"), Services within the network of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries, each of which have adopted this Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Time Inc. and its subsidiaries. Click here for a list of the sites of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries which are governed by this Privacy Notice.. By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings, your IP address and the personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit may be provided to both the Time Inc. site and the third parties. Time Inc. has no control over the third parties' use of this information.. as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties or their use of your information.. This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2, 2014.. This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you (e.g., type of browser, operating system, domain name, day and time of visit, page(s) visited) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information (e.g., cookies, web beacons and clear gifs).. Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Personal Information We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates.. Time Customer Service Attention: Consumer Affairs 3000 University Center Drive Tampa, Florida 33612-6408 http://www.essence.com. Cache Cookies: Cache cookies, such as eTags, may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past.. How to Contact Us </strong> <br> <br> If you have any questions or concerns about the Time Inc. Privacy Notice or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to: <br> <br> Time Customer Service <br> Attention: Consumer Affairs <br> 3000 University Center Drive <br> Tampa, Florida 33612-6408 <br> <br> http://www.essence.com. For more information on advertisements and your behavioral advertising options, visit our About Ads page and our Network Advertising Initiatives page.. We may disclose personally identifiable information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement (e.g., other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases, and non-profit organizations) that want to market products or services to you.. Time Inc. sites may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements, including online behavioral advertisements, that you may see on the web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements. This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you (e.g., type of browser, operating system, domain name, day and time of visit, page(s) visited) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information (e.g., cookies, web beacons and clear gifs). If you have any questions or concerns about the Time Inc. Privacy Notice or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to:. Essence PRIVACY POLICY Table of Contents The Information We Collect How We Use the Information Privacy Options Your California Privacy Rights: Notice to California Customers Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors Cookies Our Commitment to Security Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Personal Information Retention of Personal Information Special Note for Parents Changes to this Privacy Policy How to Contact Us Safe Harbor Privacy Policy European Union Privacy Information For citizens of member countries of the European Union, and Switzerland, Norway, Lichtenstein, Iceland, Australia, and New Zealand Canada Privacy Information. Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Time Inc. also allows you to connect with other sites and services in order to share content and information. You should consult the other sites' and services' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties or their use of your information.. This is the Privacy Policy which applies to you if you live outside the European Union, Switzerland, Norway, Lichtenstein, Iceland, Australia, New Zealand, and Canada.": "1",
        "Below you will find answers to the following frequently asked questions about how we collect, use and share your personal information:. From time to time we may offer or provide new or additional Barnes & Noble Website, Device or App features and functionality.. Personal information that you provide directly to the issuer is subject to the bank's privacy policies, practices and procedures, not Barnes & Noble's.. In addition, our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Barnes & Noble. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.. The use of your information by our partners and their vendors and contractors will be subject to the privacy policies of our vendors once such information is transferred.. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please send an email to privacy@barnesandnoble.com with \"California Privacy Rights Request\" in the subject line.. by emailing our Customer Service Department by clicking here.. NOOK Press Customer Service at nookpress@nook.com.. Released: April 2015. Below you will find answers to the following frequently asked questions about how we collect, use and share your personal information: What is the personal information that we collect? Why do we collect personal information? How do we collect your personal information? How do we use personal information? With whom do we share personal information? How do we secure personal information? How do we respect your choices about your personal information? Whom do I contact if I have questions or concerns? What other information about Barnes & Noble's Privacy Policy would I want to know?. If you are a parent or guardian who believes that your Minor under the age of 13 has submitted personal information or other information to us without your consent, please contact privacy@barnesandnoble.com. the use of your information by the third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors will be subject to their own privacy policies.. Barnes & Noble has received TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy statement and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TRUSTe seal. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through uk.nook.com, www.nookpress.com, NOOK Apps and your interactions with NOOK Simple Touch, NOOK Simple Touch GlowLight, NOOK GlowLight, NOOK HD and NOOK HD+. The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through third party downloadable software or at the device level.. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@barnesandnoble.com or call customer service at 1-800-THE-BOOK [1-800-843-2665].. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Barnes & Noble enterprise. Whenever you click on links and banners on any Barnes & Noble Website that take you to a third party website or you use, download or install third party software applications onto your Device, your use of those third party websites and/or software will be subject to the third party's privacy policies, not Barnes & Noble's. Additionally, please note that when using Barnes & Noble Websites or Apps, third party mobile device manufacturers and internet service providers (ISPs) may collect personal information about you and your use of such third party products and services will be subject to the third party's privacy policies.. Even if you opt-out of receiving promotional communications, you may continue to receive emails and notifications relating to order confirmations, back order notifications, membership information, and/or other business-related communications.. Clarity: We strive to communicate clearly about your privacy and how we handle your personal information.. The content providers may share this information with the applicable publisher and circulation auditors, and may use this information to fulfill your order and for other purposes. In these cases, the terms of the privacy policy of the publishers whose content you have purchased or downloaded will apply to you. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from these publishers, you must contact the publisher directly.. To review Barnes & Noble's Mobile Privacy Supplement optimized for reading on mobile devices, please click here.. Contacting Customer Service When you contact customer service, we may ask you to provide, or confirm, personal information so that we can better serve you.. For your convenience, we have provided a summary description of each of these circumstances below.. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Barnes & Noble enterprise. Whenever you click on links and banners on any Barnes & Noble Website that take you to a third party website or you use, download or install third party software applications onto your Device, your use of those third party websites and/or software will be subject to the third party's privacy policies, not Barnes & Noble's.. Our Invite-a-Friend feature is located in various areas of certain Barnes & Noble Websites and within certain Devices. By clicking on 'Email' or 'Find friends from contacts' on your Device, customers can email a link to a friend which will invite the friend to view the Barnes & Noble Website page or attend the event described on that page.. Additionally, by participating in the Barnes & Noble online interactive community, and using Barnes & Noble's various interactive offerings, including, the submission of customer reviews, or participation in the Barnes & Noble Book Clubs, you agree to receive communications from Barnes & Noble, other users, and moderators related to the provision of these services.. Any dispute between you and us regarding the privacy of your personal information is subject to this Privacy Policy and the terms of use or terms of service applicable to our product or service you use, including limitation on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the State of New York.. To remove yourself from these mailings, please call our Customer Service Center at 1-800-THE-BOOK (1-800-824-2665). Individuals calling from abroad should call us at 1-201-559-3882.. The NOOK Press Collaborator feature may allow you to share your content with other NOOK Press account holders so that they may view and comment upon your work. As part of this feature, you may receive email notifications from your NOOK Press Collaborators.. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact TRUSTe at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.. Such a transaction may involve us (i) retaining the right to continue to use transferred personal information in addition to the right of the transferee to use such information, and (ii) engaging in additional transfers of personal information (including new personal information) with the transferee from time to time following such a transaction.. To remove yourself from these mailings, please email NOOK Press Customer Service at nookpress@nook.com.. Although Barnes & Noble's treatment of the information is governed by this policy, the third party's treatment of your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. You may choose to opt out of receiving communications from other of our customers through Invite-a-Friend features by calling our Customer Service Center at 1-800-THE-BOOK (1-800-824-2665). Individuals calling from abroad should call us at 1-201-559-3882.. This Privacy Policy applies to personal and other information that may be collected when you interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise, which consists of (a) Barnes & Noble, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including their respective businesses and operations (collectively, \"Barnes & Noble\"); (b) businesses and operations managed or operated by Barnes & Noble; (c) websites owned, operated and managed by Barnes & Noble, including each website that links to this Privacy Policy, and any digital content stores operated by Barnes & Noble (collectively, \"Barnes & Noble Websites\"); and (d) Barnes & Noble and NOOK devices (\"Devices\"), content, software and mobile applications (\"Apps\").. Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at Barnes & Noble, and we believe that a single, comprehensive privacy policy that is straightforward and clear is in the best interests of our customers and our businesses.. There are circumstances in which we automatically receive and collect information from you. The most common sources of this information include: Web server logs Cookies Pixel tags or clear Graphics Interchange Format files, known as GIFs Targeted advertising Your Device or Apps you use, including geolocation Wireless networks operated by Barnes & Noble in retail stores Social networking sites Your college or university Business partners, contractors, and other third parties. Please address written requests and questions about this to privacy@barnesandnoble.com.. To learn more about the privacy practices of IBM Coremetrics, you may review its privacy policy located here.. 1-800-THE-BOOK (1-800-824-2665). Individuals calling from abroad should call us at 1-201-559-3882.. The NOOK Press Collaborator feature may allow you to share your content with other NOOK Press account holders so that they may view and comment upon your work. As part of this feature, you may receive email notifications from your NOOK Press Collaborators. To remove yourself from these mailings, please email NOOK Press Customer Service at nookpress@nook.com.. The address for Barnes & Noble is 122 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10011.. Please understand that Barnes & Noble does not control these third party cookies, and you should check the privacy policies of third party advertising networks to see whether and how it uses cookies.": "1",
        "If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please contact the Privacy Coordinator using the contact information provided below. Please reference the name of the applicable site. Privacy Coordinator MediaNews Group, Interactive 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950 Denver, CO 80202 privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com (303) 563-6401. To make such a request, please write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202.. A registered user may also review and request an update of the PIN and/or e-mail preferences which he or she provided to MediaNews at any time by e-mailing us at privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com or write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202. Please include the name of the applicable site.. This policy does not apply to any third party web sites or to companies or persons not controlled by, affiliated with or managed by MediaNews. linked. Privacy Coordinator MediaNews Group, Interactive 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950 Denver, CO 80202 privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com (303) 563-6401. This policy describes the privacy practices of MediaNews Group, Inc. and MediaNews Group Interactive, Inc., as well as MediaNews Group affiliates (MediaNews) relating to information collected from children. This privacy policy does not apply to third party web sites, or to companies and persons that are not controlled by, affiliated with or managed by MediaNews.. ggregate information: Aggregate information is user information not linked to PIN.. If you do not wish to share your PIN, you always have the option to not provide the information or use the MediaNews Web sites that require it. Opting-Out If you are a current MediaNews registered Web site user or would like to become one, but do not want your PIN shared with third parties or do not want to receive promotion and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from MediaNews and/or any third parties, please review the following:. Even if the registered user chooses to opt-out of receiving e-mails from both MediaNews and third parties, MediaNews reserves the right to contact a registered user regarding account status, changes to this policy, the terms of use, license agreements and other matters relevant to the use of the MediaNews Web sites, services or software provided through the Web sites and/or the information collected.. privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com or write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202.. Some chat room and message board forums may require registration and the sharing of PIN. Any information disclosed in chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups becomes public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in public forums.. Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202. Please reference the name of the applicable site.. Cookies are used to store and track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from Web sites and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are used to deliver targeted advertising based on your behavior and demographics and to track your entries in promotions and contests. Cookies may be linked to PIN. In addition, MediaNews uses web beacons provided by third-party advertising companies to help manage our online advertising. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits a MediaNews Web site, and to learn which banner ads bring users to MediaNews Web sites. MediaNews websites have two third-party web advertising companies, Yahoo! and DoubleClick, which may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Yahoo! also may use information regarding its own users to select which ads to display. Click here to learn more about Yahoo!'s ad practices, including how to opt out of using anonymous information to select which ads to show you. For more information about DoubleClick, cookies, and how to opt-out, please click here.. may e-mail us at privacycoordinator@medianewsgroup.com or write to us at: Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202. Please reference the name of the applicable site. If you choose to opt-out via email, please put MEDIANEWS OPT-OUT in the subject line.. Privacy Coordinator, MediaNews Group Interactive, 101 W. Colfax Ave., Suite 950, Denver, CO 80202. Please include the name of the applicable site.": "0",
        "Links To Other Websites This website may contain links to other websites. We provide these links solely for your convenience and information. Different websites have different privacy practices. You should always check the privacy notice of the specific site you're visiting to understand the privacy practices associated with that site. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third party websites.. exercise caution when deciding whether to disclose anything personal about yourself. Kraft cannot control the actions of third parties who may view the website and use publicly-available information for their own purposes.. How To Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, you can contact us at: Kraft Foods Group, Inc. Three Lakes Drive Northfield, IL 60093 Attention: Consumer Relations 1-800-543-5335 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. Eastern Time, Monday through Friday, excluding holidays. E-mail us.. We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.. Kraft Foods Group, Inc. Three Lakes Drive Northfield, IL 60093 Attention: Consumer Relations. contact us here.. Note that the opt-out will apply only to the browser that you are using when you adjust your tracking settings or cookie preferences.. Should a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personally identifiable information provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice.. \"Contact Us\" Link If you contact us through the \"Contact Us\" link on this site, we ask you for information such as your first name, e-mail address, and other information, so we can respond to your questions and comments. You may choose to provide additional information as well.. In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties. Should a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personally identifiable information provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice.. We may respond to your comments or questions, or contact you if needed while processing a product or service you requested through our website. We also may use the information you provide to contact you for your opinions on Kraft products, services or websites.. While we make every effort to help ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee our security measures.. We would be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.": "1"
    }
}